Cotton is the world's most valuable
legal non-food agricultural product Today, we are going on a journey to watch
 how it's harvested and processed At this point, the cotton plant is defoliated,
 which means removing the leaves This is done by spraying
the plant with a chemical In addition, removing the leaves minimizes staining
 the fiber and eliminates a source of excess moisture Harvesting is done by machine, with
 a single machine replacing 50 hand-pickers Two mechanical systems
 are used to harvest cotton The picker system uses guides
 to pull the cotton from the plant The stripper system chops the plant and uses air
to separate the trash from the cotton Either the machine compacts
 the raw cotton into balers... ...or it's thrown into compacters
 that turn it into modules These modules hold 13-15 bales
 in water-resistant material... ...in the fields until they are
 ready to be transported Bales are 2.5 m in diameter
 and can weigh up to 2.5 tones After the harvesting, a truck is used to
 pick each bale and take them to the gin Cotton growing is a long process,
 and growers must understand... ...the requirements of the plant and
 keep a vigilant lookout for potential problems Pests must be managed
to yield high-quality crops Usually, all bales are collected at the same time,
 so the roads around the field... ...fill with trucks transporting
cotton to the processing plants Once in the plants, the seals are broken
to continue with the process of cleaning... ...and clearing cotton of seeds and debris A network of pipes feeds a row
 of machines called gin stands The gin stand separates the seed
from the fluffy stuff, called the lint Inside each stand are 116 circular saws, which are
 arranged horizontally, each separated by a steel rib Pipes feed the loose lint to the press area,
 where a pusher moves the lint... ...into a machine called the tramper,
which shoves it down into a bale-shaped box Once the box reaches 500 pounds of cotton lint,
 a press compacts the lint and tie-wraps the bale Next, the box is moved to a bagging machine
 and grippers, which pull a sample from each side While the bale slides into a protective plastic bag,
 the grippers deposit the sample into a bin Technicians label the bale with an i.d. number,
 then open the bin to retrieve the corresponding sample The cotton spinning process
is a term used to describe the process... ...in which fibers pass through the carding
 machine that separates the fibers... ...to become yarn and then eventually
 be ready to be weaved or knitted During this process, the cotton is thoroughly
cleaned through a rigorous cleaning process The fibers are then combed by a range of machinery
and are finally spun to form soft textured yarn When different yarns are crosses,
 a fabric is created The weaving process consists
 of several phases, such as... ...winding, warping, sizing, drawing-in, weaving,
and finally the control on the fabric Each meter of fabric is controlled under
the magnifying glass to watch quality Once the cotton has been transformed
 into a knitted cotton fabric, it's dyed In piece dyeing, which is used primarily
 for fabrics that are to be a solid color... ...a continuous length of dry cloth is passed
 full-width through a hot dye solution Once the cotton has been prepped
 and dyed, it is then ready... ...for the final stage, the construction
 of the garment itself The garments are then packaged and stored
 to be distributed to the warehouse 