The average  life span of a railway is 30 years,
so after a while they need to be renovated The first step is using an undercutter to remove all
 the ballast, and removing the old sleepers Sleeper changing machines are specially designed to 
extract and replace wooden or concrete sleepers To remove the old track, it has
to be cut into parts up to 25 m A combination of heavy-duty machines
 is used to carry out all the pieces Once the whole area is completely clear,
it has to be leveled and prepared For the first ballast laying of railway track
construction, only a bottom coat is placed It has to support the whole infrastructure
 while allowing water evacuation For railway sleeper production,  the concrete is
distributed and compacted into molds The autonomous equipment needs little human
 intervention, making the process more efficient Pre-stressed concrete is used due
 to the tensile stresses it has to endure Concrete sleepers have many advantages,
 like a longer lifespan and high stability 40 sleepers are stored every 24 meters
 to keep the machine going without... ...the need for an auxiliary vehicle
 and waiting for supplies Track laying machines lay the rails, sleepers,
 and fastenings in place, ready to fix It features several controls to
adjust the space between tracks Once all sleepers are in place,
the track is placed on top Rails are usually rolled in 39-ft lengths, although
newer mills now roll lengths of 80–85 ft A mobile unloading system consists of either
 a railroad or a rail bounded trailer... ...which is connected via an adjustable tow
 bar to a long welded rails wagon... ...on which is mounted an
 end guiding assembly The traditional method of joining the rails is to
 bolt them together using metal jointbars For more modern usage, particularly
where higher speeds are required... ...the rail lengths may be welded together
 to form continuous welded rail (CWR) Electric arc welding railroad uses welding rod
or welding wire to melt steel rail... ... with the arc heat generated on
end faces, fill the joint gap... ...and forced their ends to get the
 needed form with a copper stopper  After cooling, it will form to be a welded joint Track switch laying systems offer versatility
that allows the operational capability... ...to combine some elements from other track laying
systems to suit various track-laying methods Its modular conception enables to
 install up to 45 meters/45 tons switches Flash butt welding machines are used
to weld and perfect track joints They are ground until any imperfection
 is eliminated, as it could weaken the track Heavy duty multipurpose clippers
insert and extract a wide variety... ...of clips using its various clipping heads It increases efficiency by the insertion
and extraction of two clips at a time A top layer of ballast is used to bear the load from
 the railroad ties, to facilitate drainage of water... ...and also to keep down vegetation
that might interfere with the track structure Ballast also holds the track in place
 as the trains roll over it A tamping machine or ballast tamper is
 a self-propelled, rail-mounted machine... ...used to pack the track ballast under railway tracks
to make the tracks and roadbed more durable and level When all final touches are added to the railway,
it's the moment to start assembling the overhead line An overhead line is an electrical cable used to transmit
 electrical energy to electric locomotives To achieve a good high-speed current
 collection, it's necessary to keep... ...the contact wire geometry
within defined limits This is usually achieved by
supporting the contact wire... ...from a second wire known
 as the messenger wire The Trans-Siberian Railway, 5,771 miles,
 is the longest railway line in the world 