This is a battery stress test. And the results are pretty clear. Do not try this at home. In recent years, lithium ion batteries that power our phones, our laptops, and our Teslas have exploded,
causing serious injury, and in a few cases, death. But a California-based company says they've developed a new type of battery that won't explode, no matter what you do to it. Battery fires are rare –
about 1 in 10 million – but with billions of
batteries produced every year, the stakes are higher than you think. Electric cars and e-bike sales
continue to grow rapidly. And we're likely to see more
massive batteries being used to store renewable energy for homes. The technical term for how most battery fires
start is thermal runaway. And it works kind of like this. If this banana were a
standard lithium ion battery, there's just a thin separation between the parts that carry
positive and negative charges. When that barrier is broken,
a battery can become a bomb. A new technology is like a
bomb squad inside the battery, stopping a fire before it starts. Amionx invented a
technology called SafeCore. It's a fuse that goes within
the battery cell itself. SafeCore adds an additional layer, kind of like placing this deflated balloon between the banana skin and tinfoil layer, which represents the current collector. If a battery fails, SafeCore
creates a physical gap to safely stop the flow of electricity. SafeCore was originally developed for batteries that soldiers use to power their communications equipment. That's why it needed to be bullet-safe. If somebody was wearing that, they'd be on fire right now. SafeCore starts with this black goo. It hardens and then gets rolled out as an additional
layer inside the battery. Amionx says that SafeCore
has the potential to quickly scale across the industry because many battery-making
factories already have the equipment to process
the SafeCore slurry. We can tech transfer and have battery manufacturers up and running within six months. The company recently
announced a partnership with Stanley Black & Decker, one of the world's top
producers of power tools. Companies have a financial incentive to make sure their batteries are safe. We literally, we add pennies
to the bill of material. The cost is relatively little
to implement the technology. In 2016, Samsung recalled
2.5 million phones after several reports of fire. Officially, the company
claimed $5 billion in losses. Exploding batteries are a
really key safety problem, and it's a terrible impact on their brand. Lithium ion batteries are poised to remain the go-to power
source in coming years. With that many batteries,
it may be impossible to completely eliminate the risk of fires. But Amionx believes that
their battle-tested technology can get the risk that much closer to zero. 