Narrator: This piece of fried
chicken was grown in a lab, and it is the only kitchen in
the world allowed to serve it. It is cooked like any
normal piece of chicken, except no animals were
killed in the process. Instead, it was made from stem cells taken from a live chicken and cultured in a lab. The biggest reaction we
get is people just say, "This tastes like chicken." And there's a surprise
in the normalcy of it. Narrator: Considering the
growing challenge of feeding meat to the 9 billion people on this planet, this could be a food
revolution that cannot develop fast enough to take over
traditional livestock farming. We talked to American company Good Meat to find out how this chicken
goes from lab to table. At 1880 restaurant, the
kitchen staff are busy prepping, and lab-grown chicken
is their star ingredient. Cooking with Good Meat
is essentially the same as cooking with regular
meat, since it truly is meat. Narrator: Last November,
Singapore became the first country in the world to approve lab-grown chicken. Think about how commonly
held that assumption is. In order to eat fried chicken, in order to have a rib-eye steak, in order to have a
hamburger -- real meat -- we necessarily have to kill the cow or the pig or the chicken. Doesn't have to be the case. Narrator: Ten years ago,
Josh cofounded what has become the most popular
plant-based egg brand, Just Egg. When that worked, he turned
his attention to meat. Scientists start by
collecting cells directly from chickens in a biopsy-like procedure. So they are what we call progenitor cells. They can proliferate for a long time, and they can essentially
become every cell type that you find in meat. We can make muscle cells. You can make fat cells, which
provide a lot of flavor. Narrator: The cells grow
in a nutrient-rich broth inside a bioreactor. Imagine walking into a
microbrewery and look all around. But instead of beer in those
steel vessels, there's meat. Narrator: It takes two to three
weeks for the meat to grow and into a piece that can be cooked. For now, Good Meat is
only selling its chicken to restaurants like this one. We do do a breading on the chicken nugget. It really adds this nice lightness, a little bit of crispiness. Narrator: For $23, curious
customers can try it out: an iconic Southern recipe
of fried chicken and waffle and a Chinese-inspired dish
with bao bun and hoisin sauce. But food experts say the jury is still out on whether lab-grown meat will catch on. There's a lot of doubt
about GM-produced foods. I have a feeling that
lab-grown meat is going to suffer the same ethical
acceptability issues. Narrator: And that's far
from being their only hurdle. They've been working on
gaining regulatory approval in the US and Europe
for over two years now. We had to generate a lot of data, you know, to discuss with the
regulators, to demonstrate that we are producing a
product that is safe and of quality that meets the
specifications that are expected for meat products. Narrator: The other challenge is scale. The US alone consumes about 400 million pounds
of chicken every week. Meanwhile, Good Meat is producing just a few thousand pounds every two weeks. That's a large gap to fill. Next on their list, wagyu beef. They're already working
closely with a farm in Japan and testing it
in their laboratories. About 80 companies around the world are also trying
to create similar products, like Mosa Meat and Olive Farms, as Good Meat paves the way
for everyone in the industry. Singapore provided an open door. We got to walk through it
now and do the hard work. And if we're serious about
pushing us to that world where we can eat meat
without killing an animal, we have a lot of work to do. 