This is San Marcos, Texas. Over a century ago, the United States
Fish Commission dug a well plunging 188
feet into the earth right at the heart
of the city. And when they did, water
rushed to the surface at thousands of 
gallons a minute, flushing out dozens of
undiscovered creatures from the depths below. These animals had never
seen the surface. Nor would they, because all of 
them were blind. Perhaps the strangest-looking
animal in this catch was a species dubbed
Eurycea rathbuni, now known as the Texas
blind salamander. Upon discovery, herpetologist
Leonhard Stejneger described them as such: Narrator: These unusual 
conditions are contained to a specific 26-mile
stretch of caves in the Edwards Aquifer, an extensive underground
layer of rocks. It's the only 
place in the world this species of salamander
has ever been recorded. So, how did these caves create
the "profound differences" in these salamanders'
appearance? In other words, how did they
end up looking so weird? To answer this question, we have to go back in time. Way back. Tom Devitt: Take the dates
with a grain of salt, but we think that 
this group split off from its most recent common
ancestor probably around somewhere between 10 and
15 million years ago. Narrator: And geologists 
estimate that the aquifer had been hundreds of millions
of years in the making. During the Jurassic period,
some 200 million years ago, the area was occasionally 
covered in shallow oceans, but when the area was 
dry and exposed to air, the rocks were eroded by 
weather to make porous caverns. Eventually, a shallow basin
of water and sediment covered the land. Then that basin dried up. But rainfall continued 
to eat away at the earth to create the deep fissures and
caverns inside the aquifer. Scientists like Devitt think that as the climate
became more arid, some salamanders crawled
beneath the surface, seeking
refuge in the cool and stable environment of the Edwards Aquifer. And over the course 
of millions of years, these salamanders adapted to 
the aquatic subterranean caves by evolving 
certain features, like blood-red gills 
outside of their body, while losing others,
like their eyes. Living in complete darkness alongside prey that
was also blind, the salamanders simply
didn't need to see, and energy used for sight
would only be wasted. Today, only two small black
dots just under the skin remain as evidence
of eyes past. Those dots likely only detect
if it's light or dark out. This use-it-or-lose-it
type of evolution also applies to their
silvery white skin. Skin pigmentation 
usually protects animals from the sun's UV light and serves as camouflage
from predators, but both of those are nonissues
for the blind salamanders, who don't have to worry 
about the sun or predators. These small, 
spindly salamanders are at the top of the food
chain in this ecosystem, feeding on various 
crustaceans, like shrimp. And even though they can 
go months without eating, when a potential 
snack does swim by, several features help 
them capture their prey. One is a special adaptation similar to the lateral
line found in fish, which detects vibrations
in the water. The salamanders' 
sensory cells respond to changes in water 
movement and pressure, letting them know
what direction and how fast their
meal is moving. Another helpful feature
is their large head, which fits 10% to
15% more teeth than surface salamanders. More teeth means
a deadlier bite, which is crucial if
you come by prey only a few times a year. Danté Fenolio: All of those
things are characteristics that help you survive in a very, very 
challenging environment, so that's why they look
the way that they do. Narrator: Fenolio is
one of the lucky few who've seen these elusive
salamanders up close. Last year, his team at
the San Antonio Zoo bred Texas blind salamanders
for the first time in a lab, and they've repeated their
success four more times. They're aiming to protect 
the species from extinction, since the salamanders have 
been endangered since 1967. Two main things threaten the
Texas salamander's survival. The first is contamination
from wastewater runoff. This is a big issue, because the Edwards Aquifer 
is a so-called karst aquifer, which means it's made of 
soluble rock like limestone. Any pollution on the surface can rapidly seep into and
contaminate groundwater. Wastewater typically 
holds tons of nutrients, which fuels the 
growth of algae. When the algae decompose, this process sucks 
oxygen from the water, leaving less oxygen for 
our sensitive salamanders. The second threat is
a loss of habitat. This happens when rainfall 
cannot adequately replenish the water that people take, and this threat is real. The aquifer serves
several cities, including San Antonio, one of the fastest-growing
cities in the nation and the largest 
city in the country that relies entirely on 
an aquifer for its water. So while being able to
breed the salamanders is a good first step towards 
one day building up colonies, the animal may be
confined to labs if they have no 
home to return to. Devitt: You know, in 
areas where there's been hundreds of feet of 
groundwater depletion, we've almost certainly 
already lost species to that, but we just don't
know about it, because we're still 
describing new species from the aquifer
all the time. Narrator: Devitt's team
is using new tools to suss out blind 
salamander populations, such as a method that 
analyzes water samples for traces of the
animal's DNA. He and his collaborator recently discovered four
new related species in the aquifer. For now, scientists say that these salamanders
can hang in there, as long as the only home they've
ever known stays constant, but that's an 
increasing challenge as more people 
move to the area. 