Believe it or not, this is sharkskin. And it's a little different from your typical fishy scales. It's made up of thousands
of dermal denticles, the toothlike structures you can see here. And they're tough. So tough that sharkskin by itself can badly injure animals. The trick to sharkskin is
not just those denticles; it's how they're structured. All those denticles point backward, making them smooth one way but incredibly sharp and rough the other, sort of like tiles on a roof. That specific shape and alignment interact with water in astounding ways. Those grooved channels disrupt the flow, forcing the water past and
away from the shark's body, significantly reducing drag and even pulling sharks forward. And unlike whales and manatees, which are coated in barnacles and algae, that same tiled pattern helps
prevent those freeloaders from hitching a ride on sharks. And all of these properties
have inspired engineers to create the first
antibacterial man-made pattern, led, in part, by this man. Tony Brennan: I am founder,
chairman of the board, and chief technology officer
for Sharklet Technologies. Narrator: Tony and his team have mimicked the sharkskin pattern. Brennan: This is a diamond shape
that all shark scales have. Narrator: And copied it
onto a scalable surface. Brennan: But when you try to draw that, you end up with these two
diamonds here that I've got. Narrator: To work, the
pattern Tony is holding is scaled down to about 3 microns tall and 2 microns wide. Then it's imprinted onto a film, creating millions of these
microscopic channeled patterns. Brennan: But if you look at this and you look at this direction, you see channels. If you look at this direction, you don't see any channels. It's walls. That key element there
provides an asymmetry. And so water droplets behave differently, depending on if you're
tipping it this way, this way, or at an angle. Narrator: It's the precise alignment of these asymmetrical lines and channels that make it really hard for bacteria to attach and colonize. For bacteria to grow,
they need a few things. First, they like to be
in a liquid droplet. Brennan: So if I take this
surface and I say to you, I'm gonna take a droplet of water and put it down on this surface. Here comes the water droplet. And if you look at this, the water is not going
down into the channels. It's staying on top. That's the major secret to Sharklet. Narrator: Without being able to attach, the droplet should simply
roll off the Sharklet surface, just like water pushes
past typical sharkskin. Secondly, bacteria like to stick together and form what is known as a biofilm. Christopher Jones: A biofilm's
a community of bacteria that adheres to a surface, and they make their own matrix, kind of like the glue or the cement that will hold a bacterium to a surface. And other bacteria can stick
to that initial colonizer. Narrator: Let's say a
bacteria-filled droplet fails to roll off the surface. The bacteria will then fall
into one of the many channels. But the unique pattern
makes it extremely difficult for bacteria to find
one another and link up like they would on a smooth surface. So while other antibacterial products typically look to kill
biofilms after they've formed, Sharklet stops those biofilms from forming in the first place. This makes it especially
useful in hospital settings. With microorganisms unable
to attach to the surface, the film minimizes spread
from surface to surface, one of the main causes
of disease transmission. Jones: We show over 95%
reduction in touch transfer with Sharklet pattern compared to smooth on multiple types of bacteria and fungi. Narrator: That includes
Staphylococcus aureus and E. coli. And Candida albicans, the
fungi responsible for thrush, showed over a 99% reduction
in touch transfer. And the pattern has
also worked on viruses. Recent work has looked at influenza B and a coronavirus that's a
close cousin of SARS-CoV-2. Jones: And we show 80 to
85% reduction of transfer of coronavirus and influenza on our commercially available films. Narrator: Since Sharklet is simply a film, it can be applied almost anywhere. In healthcare, they've begun adding it to personal protective equipment like face shields and gowns. Jones: If you intelligently apply where you put the Sharklet, let's say things like
elevator buttons, handrails, doorknobs, things that are
very high-touch surfaces, you're really limiting
the amount of exposure from person to person. Narrator: Yoga mats, pacifiers, pens, and shopping carts are also being explored and manufactured with
the Sharklet pattern. While the technology isn't a replacement for cleaning surfaces, washing your hands, or wearing face masks, it's an additional tool that can help fight the spread of diseases. But Sharklet isn't alone. Engineers are now using
sharkskin as a model for a whole heap of technologies, like anti-barnacle
paint, underwater robots, and even on airplane wings to reduce drag. So it's safe to say that you might not look at sharks the same ever again, and we've only just skimmed the surface. 