Let's assume you've
had COVID-19. You might believe 
you're immune, in the clear to go about
your normal life without safety precautions. But with scattered
reports of recovered cases testing positive again, a lot of people are
wondering if it's possible to develop immunity at all. So, can you catch
COVID-19 twice? The thing is, scientists
just aren't sure, because figuring that out is a lot more complicated
than you might think. When a pathogen
like a virus manages to get
into a human, their body will 
signal an alarm. This will start 
what's referred to as the innate
immune response and consists of
physical, chemical, and cellular defenses
against pathogens. Often enough, this works,
and the invader is killed, but sometimes you 
need a second attack. The adaptive immune 
response marshals the special forces: B cells and T cells. B cells produce antibodies that smother the
specific pathogen so it can't affect
your body's cells. Shane Crotty: So, 
basically, antibodies kill virus outside of cells; killer T cells kill 
virus inside of cells. Narrator: So, once your
body fights the pathogen, what stops you from
having to fight off the same attack
over and over? Well, your body 
has a secret weapon to protect you against
any future attacks from the same pathogen:
memory cells. Memory cells are basically the specialized T cells and B cells that
stick around as guards. That way, if you
encounter the virus again, the army will
be readily waiting to kill that
invader instantly. This is immunity. A vaccine works on this
basis by adding dead, weakened, or fragmented parts of a pathogen to your body. Not enough to cause illness, but enough to cause your body to
produce memory cells. Crotty: Normally, when
you have an infection, it's a race between 
your immune system and the infection. But if you're vaccinated, you've already
done the race part. Your immune system
has already had time to scale up and
develop immunity. Narrator: Typically, 
you would know if you have immunity, either from a vaccine or knowing you 
previously had the illness. For example, it's relatively
straightforward to know whether you've had
chickenpox or not because the symptoms
are highly unique and very easy to spot. But let's presume you
know you've had COVID-19. You now have immunity 
and are safe, right? To test this theory,
one early study infected monkeys with
the COVID-19 virus. They then waited till
they tested negative after the infection passed
and tried to reinfect them. When the monkeys didn't
become reinfected, researchers concluded that
after one viral attack, you would be
protected from another. But this isn't a golden ticket
to thinking you're immune, because the
length and strength of that potential
immunity are unknown. And where a disease 
lies on the spectrum is influenced
by two things, memory cell death rate
and virus mutation rate. Memory cell death rate
tells you at what rate those memory cells
may be lost over time. The virus mutation rate
can tell you if the virus will mutate too quickly
for your memory cells. The more a virus mutates,
the more unrecognizable it becomes to your
memory cells. Determining where
COVID-19 falls on this timescale is a vital step in
managing its spread. One indication of how long
its immunity might last is to look at 
other coronaviruses. Those who have 
contracted SARS-1 have been found
to have immunity for about two 
to three years, and the same time
frame has been seen in other coronaviruses that
can cause the common cold. Yet early signs have shown that this virus tends
to mutate slowly. But there's another indicator into immunity
strength and length: the serology test. Crotty: The serology
testing is a blood test for the presence of
antibodies against that specific virus or
that specific disease. Narrator: Importantly, these
are tests that can be done after you've recovered
from symptoms. Crotty: And you don't
have to know exactly when that person
was infected. And so that's a very
powerful way to count how many people have
actually been infected, whether they recognize
the symptoms or not. Narrator: These tests
can measure how many antibodies
are in the sample by looking at how they block
or respond to the virus. These measurements 
can help to understand immunity levels and how
long immunity could last. For example, studies for
many other viral infections have found that the more severe the case, the longer the immunity. Basically, the bigger
the infection, the bigger the 
immune response and more 
antibodies in a sample, which in turn gives
longer immunity. But this may not hold
true for COVID-19. Crotty: It certainly
may not be as simple as if you're positive
for the antibody, you're protected against
the disease, you're immune. That's true for
many infections; it's not proven for
COVID-19 disease. Narrator: And the 
effectiveness of certain serology tests for
COVID-19 has been mixed. Some tests are
being misused, and others were brought
into the United States before the FDA could
approve them. The result has been
poor detection rates, some as low as 20%. Crotty: You know, these
are the same types of tests as a pregnancy test. And so there's no way people
would take pregnancy tests if they were only
accurate 60% of the time. Narrator: And there 
have been instances of false positives, which
can be extremely dangerous, because they 
arm people with a false sense of
potential immunity. But these problems
aren't universal, and the FDA has begun
approving a select few that show much
higher accuracy. So, with an accurate
serology test, would you be immune? Well, one early
Chinese study found 30% of those who
tested positive for the virus had little to no 
detectable antibodies, which would suggest that
immunity isn't guaranteed, though this has been
challenged by another study that found all
patients tested had significant 
antibody levels. But other issues 
such as age or health could play into
these responses. Crotty: Is it gonna
be 0.1% of people who can get reinfected
three months later? Or is it going to be a
higher number in the elderly? Narrator: Once more 
accurate and universal testing is underway, more studies can begin
to more precisely examine how long this immunity
may last and who has it. So our best bet right now
is to keep our distance and assume we're
not immune at all. 