Praying for the end of COVID-19.. Abruptly Eagerly pray.. His name is Simdol, I raised him for 4 years.. Man : Well.. Has no desire or appetite.. Doesn't try so hard to eat He's gentle, and he listens well.. Doesn't like anything particular Even though a cat passes him.. (Dat cat is fearless..) That's it? Buddhist : He might be a monk in his previous life. We were meant to be together since he came to the temple Man : He eats boiled potatoes. So I boil one or two potatoes and.. (I'm fasting and praying now..) Eat up! Snifff Must be tasty but.. Not gonna eat.. A brief faint from hunger Where am I.. ??? Where are you going in a sudden..? Owner : He likes romping in the mountain and going for a stroll alone Usually takes a turn and comes back.. Hunger made him go nuts..lol Yo, follow him, Chase him When we're realized.. Mundae life is right before his eyes.. 'Nam-go' Temple The current location is 1.24mile away from the temple.. WRYD.. Simdol?
[Wagging a tail lol] (Forget about who Simdol is..) Woman : C'mon~ Come here, you doggo Monks.. Please close your eyes for a while.. PD : Wow, he's eating dang good? Woman : Yep! Eats well! This one is not enough. Need two bowls at least. (Refill) Woman : He never leaves if I don't give him food / Ah.. Monks.. Please close your ears for a while.. Woman : No food at home? In the name of Buddha, they feed me. He likes boiled potatoes or sweet potatoes. (I don't agree with you tho..) I'm full~ (Bye~) He's just leaving without saying bye..lolol He's the world's coolest guy ever when leaving.. Very sacred... Hmm it's boring.. Just wish today's dinner menu would be the meat dish The dinner is screwed up. Simdol is going out.. The butt is excited The mouth is for food Vendor : He is pretty famous dog often walking around this Hanok Village. Eating beef meat pancake Vendor : Doesn't eat the fish cake, but only 'beef pancake' Fully satisfied Ahem Monk : Where have you been? Aren't you hungry? (Persimmon..) Don't skip meals - from the great monk - Are you kidding me ;-( Where is he goin' again? Puppies..?! Henlo~! Who are they?
(Flustered) They seem pretty close to each other tho.. Owner : Where did you come from? Heart almost stopped..
(He remains silent) Um.. Hm.. I don't know who they're tho,,
To be continued in Part 2 