This is the story of a shark who gave birth in a fish tank Look! Oh my god.. See the shark over there, wagging her tail The shark in a fish tank from a fish restaurant The shark is giving birth to pups from a few hours ago Oh wow.. It's amazing The shark gave birth to a pup! A little one is swimming around. So pretty Customer : It's a baby.. So cute Customer : It's so special, so amazing Customer : I've lived in a seashore for tens of years but never seen such thing ever Everyone's amazed by the situation where the shark gave birth in the fish tank We put fish in the tank right after we bought them Then I found a shark's head on her belly The shark they bought for sale started labor as soon as she arrived They hurriedly prepared a room for delivery and are watching how she does After the secondborn is out, the labor begins again A pup is coming out again! The pup's floating Despite severe pain, the mother shark strives her best not to give up Then she sinks down as if she's running out of stamina.. The owner of the restaurant helps her third delivery out of pity and help the fourth-born to come out as well But the last one sinks helplessly Just watching it anxiously.. PD : Is it alive?
Owner : Yes
PD: Is it?!
Owner : Yes, it's alive The youngest swims around freely, pretending nothing happened After four hours of labor, all four came to the world Owner : She gave birth to twelve pups at first, but only four survived The rest of eight pups couldn't recover and passed away Grateful for those four pups who survived safely.. The pups could've been born in the ocean if she were there But now she gave birth right after she was transferred. Hope she goes to a better environment For the sake the shark's happiness, the experts came They're shortspine spurdogs They're an ovoviviparous animal who hatches from an egg Shortspine spurdogs live throughout the sea of Korea Upper zone - White shark
Middle zone - Hammerhead
Lower zone - Dogfish shark
Floor zone - Saw shark Spawning season comes once in two years for Shortspine sharks live deep in the sea quietly During winter, they go up to the shallow surface to find prey It's the most probable reason why this shark who was heavily pregnant was caught and gave birth in the fish restaurant Expert : We can assume that both the pups and the mother shark were very stressed throughout the whole time when they were caught and brought here. as many pups were dead when they were born first There must have been pressure on her abdomen while she was lifted in a string net While she was transferred to the fish tank, the pressure was imposed on her stomach which caused a shock and led to deaths of eight pups The health of the pups who were born after difficult delivery is worrisome Expert : There are spots and its skin is dark compared to other pups Darkening is one of the symptoms when sharks are very stressed and are in bad condition Expert : Carrying them in the water where they were born is the best way to reduce the shock Thanks for people who didn't neglect such poor and little lives, The shark family could escape from the narrow and small fish tank Will they go back to the ocean safely? Hope they're nursed well and live healthily in the ocean An aquarium near the East sea The pups are going to receive intensive care until they regain stability Preparer a meal for hungry pups They're avoiding The pups keep getting away from the meal It seems like they have no appetite The mother's health isn't good as well The tip of her fin is torn apart Damages on her fin everywhere I guess it was damaged while she was struggling as she got caught Sterilize the wound to prevent germ infection from water And move her to a wide and clean tank But.. She keeps sinking.. Losing the grip, the shark is lost in the water Giving her food, but.. She keeps turning her back on it and doesn't eat What's wrong with her? Expert : Even if she starves for a month, it won't be a big issue for survival. Respond towards the prey is instinctive The fact that she doesn't show such respond indicates that she's not psychologically well That evening The pups haven't eaten at all Eventually, one pup passed away Expert : They need to eat first to build up energy and recover health So I will have to feed them forcefully They spit out as soon as they eat Why don't they eat when they're supposed to eat in two to three days after birth? They don't perceive it as food Regain their lost instinct.. After the training is over.. They start feeding on prey The pups have gotten so much better Expert : Now they can be released to the ocean as they can find prey on their own. The mother shark is getting better too! Expert : The way she moves has become very natural I think it's time for the pups and the mother to be trained before they're released Day of fate Check the temperature for the pups who would dive in the ocean for the first time Instill ocean water little by little so that they can naturally adapt and minimize the shock The mother shark is finally released to the ocean As if she can't believe she's back to the ocean, she swims around vigorously and stays near the surface of the water Soon after, she dives into the deep ocean On the other hand, the pups are flustered But then, the mother shark goes up to the surface and rubs her nose against them Expert : She came up upon seeing her pups in the ocean as if she missed them a lot. It's amazing The mother shark checks on their well-bing while swimming around them No more confinement is needed. It's to release them to the ocean As the expert said they're okay to be released Lures the mother shark to go out from the net They're out! The pups follow their mom Seeing them swimming out well, I think they'll live well They're most beautiful in where they should be We root for the shark family to live healthily in the ocean 