To be a bird of prey Has a bit blank look Whenever bump BUMP Being hit by eagles 1st-class endangered species
Golden Eagle The reason why I came here is, a bullet of an air rifle After being shot by an air rifle 8 years ago Went through such a long period to recover from surgery But can't call a prey as a prey The past day he had to keep distance from each other.. Vet : As well as improving muscle power, he rehabilitated w/ the program for him to react and hunt a living prey by instinct Since the indoor rehabilitation The 1st time trying an outdoor exercise! The most important one for survival is the skill for hunting prey tho.. (Am I a pushover..?) (And a pushover is me..?) WTH Did he regain his wildness? The golden eagle kicks out a perch and flies high! The golden eagle who flies heading to the opposite side of prey Meanwhile we had exercise tho What's wrong w/ my babe, teacher? :'(( Vet : Got a lot of pain from the lower part Otherwise, on the process of removing the bullet the lower part's muscular tissues got damaged so his body might be a bit bent out of balance But there's a reason why we can't give up him, Because he seems to be one of our country's original subspecies It's one of the most exciting parts. Compared to the golden eagle in Mongolia Undersized body We just assumed he may get sick :'(( He was the ORIGINAL Golden Eagle! Original Golden Eagle / Mongolian Golden Eagle Expert : In past, it was known that species used to exist in our country There's no official record abt the golden eagle's currently breeding Since the 1980s, the original golden eagle disappeared w/o a trace "That Eagle is just me" Expert : To make the other body parts and organs perfectly adjust and move the motion like one That is the most significant part now. The original golden eagle To retain in existence The outdoor training tower! The height similar to the wild bird's nest Free flight training will proceed here Before being shot by a rifle He must've been freely flying But now.. drop falls down to the floor The hesitant wings as usual cause the high place is still awkward for him so let him take the time to adjust But then The golden eagle lightly reacts and at the end of his gaze a white rabbit is seen And Going up to the highest place He flies high Used to be hidden in deep The instinct of the wild! He's now slightly baffled, but this exercise could prove his potential Will be much fancier on the next episode! 