To grandma..There's a name that hurts her heart when she thinks about it. Owner : Even after their bodies were burnt, they kept barking to save me... Seol! Song! She finally calls their names Seol. Song. My one and only family Owner rescued thanks to her dogs : This...She got burnt like this She didn't even know she was getting burnt... This scar that breaks her heart every time she sees it is the mark of the day that she can never forget Like always, that day, she was asleep together But, she suddenly woke up with the sound of Seol and Song barking Owner : They were pulling my clothes and telling me to come out 'Is someone here?' and I opened the door and there was a huge fire in this room. The fire was already big enough to burn the whole house All of Grandma's belongings were burnt If it wasn't them, something way worse could've happened Owner : I can't express how thankful I am to them They tried so hard to save me... I can't talk about this because of the terrible thoughts They knew before anyone else Vet : The dogs could've run away by themselves, but they pulled the owner's arm and that is impossible without a strong mental bond between them Dogs could save her because they had such a good relationship with their owner. Owner : There was a time with both of my kids.. fell in the water and passed away and my husband passed after Seol and Song became my kids now When I felt as if I was alone in the world I met Song Here and there, I saw her for 10 days No one took her, so I knew someone abandoned her So I brought in Song when she was pregnant and the newly born Seol became one family..! They became the only family to each other and lived by relying on each other but now they don't have a house to go back to.. Like this, every day after a short meeting The vet hospital which treated them thankfully decided to look after them for a while.. Seol, Song
Mom's leaving Grandma has to turn back and the only thing the two can do is to look at her back After seeing Grandma, they become anxious for about 2 hours We feel bad looking at them too. Grandma doesn't feel good when turning her back.. However, they barely got to stay with her.. For the three family members, we prepared a special trip It's been a while since the three were this relaxed There's no word to express this It feels like being full without eating.. As much as she couldn't take care of them she's doing her best to take care of them "Just being next to them is this nice.." Due to the special and affectionate feeling As the night darkens, the three don't fall asleep easily The next day People came to Grandma with good news! Firefighter : We asked the Seoul Council on Social Welfare for support. We told them Grandma's unfortunate story.. and after the council's discussion they decided to rebuild the burnt house. They say it'll be possible to move in after a month..! Social welfare assistant : After the house is built, there won't be any furniture in the house. So, we decided to donate furniture and daily supplies. She just cries because of many people's help and kindness Owner : I'll take good care of Seol and Song Although I lost my kids, I don't want to lose them again. I'm going to live with them until I die. "After enduring the hard times, only good things will happen to them from now on :)" 