Dark inside the drainage A desperate cry resonating in the hole.. Oh, there he is A tabby cat is in the hole Looks like a normal feral cat.. It's been a month? He hasn't left there, not even for once Yeah, he's been sitting there For a month The cat doesn't come out from the drainage As the madam's calling him, the cat comes out But there's an old dead body of a kitten Informant : I didn't realize that there was a dead cat The cat never leaves its side He doesn't go anywhere What stops the cat from leaving the drainage where there's no light at all is the dead cat..? As if sharing warmth to the dead body The cat keeps rubbing his body on it.. He keeps rubbing his face and body on it to wake it up But he would never see the response.. Just a month ago, The dead kitten and Norang were best friends always hanging together But for some reason, His friend was found dead in the drainage The cat was sick actually DIdn't pass away for no reason Tough life on the streets After suffering from a disease the cat passed away in the end.. Nobody would recognize the death of a stray cat But for Norang, it was the death of, his friend, his everything Norang keeps calling his friend, again and again. How can a mute animal be so sad.. More desperate than humans But they can't be together forever like this.. We will help you share the last goodbyes with your friend. Vet : It stinks in here, right? Distressful conditions inside the drainage Vet : Living close with the dead body already is fatal to the cat No ventilation here, with poor sanitary The cat must be rescued as soon as possible Full of garbage and the dead body might cause harm to his health Rescue Team : It'll be the fastest and the safest way to go into the hole and capture him with a scoop net as soon as the entrance is shut Need to clear the dead body first Shut the entrance of the drainage and clear the dead body first Norang becomes wary as soon as he sees a stranger Refusing help from the rescuer, Protects his dead friend by its side Norang can't let go of his friend... People are too sad to watch him as well.. But soon after, Norang moves away from his friend.. Perhaps he knows that he has to send his friend away.. Maybe Norang was saying "Thanks for being with me" "Sorry that I couldn't protect you until the end.." The dead cat is finally out to the world in a month Now we need to take Norang, who hid from the world along with the death of his friend, out again We got him We got him! In the hope of bringing a bright world to the cat again.. You've done so well. It's going to be all right I'm so glad It really feels great I felt like something was stuck inside But now that he's rescued, I'm glad As the cat has been with the dead body for so long the concern over his health grows.. Vet : He doesn't have a problem with his health other than a mere bronchitis Other than having a cold, he's healthy Then what was the cause of his friend's death? Vet : There''s no external damages on it It's highly possible that the cat was exposed to an infectious disease as the cat lived in poor conditions and wasn't nursed for long After his friend went to heaven Norang who was left alone couldn't accept his friend's death because of the fear of being left alone..? Vet : Animals can smell and sense the things humans can't They must've been close to each other and Norang didn't want to admit that his friend is gone He also felt obliged to protect his friend Now it's time to say goodbye to his friend.. You can't take care of him anymore.. You should let go of your friend now.. Those who meet must part But the moment of farewell came too early to them.. Norang keeps the last moment of his friend in his two eyes.. "Farewell, my friend.." Informant : I guess we're meant to be Are you going to adopt him? Yes, where would I send him? His friend gave him a new family as a gift Hope he lives happily until he meets his friend again in heaven 