"I had to run away for my life" At the same village consecutively happened horrible incident Vet : First of all, found the wounds by fire, and the cranial bone's fracture maybe hit by any blunt thing Fire inspector : Lots of deep wounds on the front, and getting lessened on the rear assume that the dog was mostly burnt into flames by using a large size of a gas torch Who was the evil who brought Yumi and Jindol to the jaws of death? Local : Here's the only way to go down He must've used this road.. Heard that there's a way to the mountain Pointing at one place What's the truth on that day? At the end of the road, the one waiting for us was PD : Phew oh my god.. A DOG FARM The bony dogs.. trapped in cages PD : Anybody here? Are you raising dogs here? Dog farm owner : Yes, I do though Dog farm owner : Why would I catch a dog? I bring up all dogs just like my children.. PD : Isn't it wrong raising dogs like this? Dog farm owner : I've never lied in my life And do you think we are such a clumsy person? Dogs can't move if they're imposed with electric shock Claims that the 'Yumi' 'Jindol' incidents are not related to him at all Society for Animal Freedom : They burn their hair for edible use Seeing the dog's head was stroked, it must be someone who's done before several times Many things are ambiguous to judge him as a dog trader [News report] An owner of a dog farm was arrested on suspicion of having violated the Animal Protection law. [News report] A dog trader who did butchery in a cruel way was found Even at this moment A lot of animal abuses might happen now.. The horrible reality.. [Whining pitifully] 'Yumi and Jindol' incidents officially requested the police investigation Police : According to Jindol and Yumi incidents, now we organized two taskforce teams They are on the investigation by questioning Identifying suspects of the case yet, but doing our best to investigate No longer, Never "Yumi" Wish the tragedy of Yumi and Jindol won't happen again "I believe that the weight of lives are all the same" "Hope we all don't take the lives so lightly" We're looking for a witness who knows about this animal abuse case.. 