Woomyeon mountain located in the center of Seoul Informant : Over there~
PD : Where?
Informant : Down there~ A white silhouette A cat sitting next to a tree A famous cat in Woomyeon mountain Madam : The cat always sits in this spot. Goes around here and there I usually come here at 5 AM The cat's walking around even when it's dark It's been already 3 months that the cat's been staying around the octagonal pavilion on top of the mountain It seems like the cat's leaving But again, the cat comes back to the octagonal pavilion Perhaps the cat's feral? Madam : Feral cats are aggressive, trying to attack people But she's very mild..  And she's known for it among people in this mountain She's a home cat.. Never runs away As the production crew carefully approaches The crew : She's coming? The cat's not wary at all Nabi~ Perhaps her name was Nabi It's so weird that such a friendly cat lives in the mountain Madam : She hugs and follows people. But she always leaves in the end Maybe she got used to live here, she doesn't go along with us if we try to bring her I tried to bring her home, but she didn't come with me Many people already tried to bring her home out of pity But once they try to hold her in their arms, she flees away She ran away.. This time, the crew carefully lifts and carries her Argh!! Did she scratch you? / Yes.. But..! The cat runs far away It seems like the appearance of big dogs made the cat run away Well, it wasn't The cat walks toward the Retrievers without fear She doesn't get startled even when the dogs are barking crazily Dog owner : Cats would run away if they face big dogs. But she doesn't run. Just getting a bit wary She could run down the mountain and hide But she never steps back Never happened in my doggo life For what reason the cat can't leave the mountain? That night The cat doesn't leave the octagonal pavilion even in the night PD : Is she your cat? / No, I just feed her whenever I pass by Hard to feed on herself in the mountain Hiker :  She must be abandoned. If not, why would she wait in the same spot Feral cats would usually roam around.. When it rains.. or the wind blows, The cat doesn't leave the pavillion Since when and for what reason the cat settled down here and couldn't leave Madam : She must be waiting for her owner.. As if she's waiting for someone she doesn't take her eyes off people passing by When will she reunite with the one she's waiting for? Endless waiting.. Expert appears She must be about two years old? Come here~ Expert : Seeing her coming back even after I touched her, she must be raised at home She was raised or she's familiar with staying with people Then why did she come here and for what reason she doesn't want to leave this mountain? Looking around the pavilion I don't think she climbed up this mountain by herself Even if she did, she would've just stayed here for days, not settling down I guess she was abandoned in a cage or a box she wouldn't have had a clue about directions, not knowing where to go back as she couldn't smell her scent She just waits in the spot where she was abandoned What else a cat can do if one's left alone in the mountain Maby the cat's doing her best as possible Expert : Animals are sad about being apart from their owner, not because being left alone No animals believe that their owner abandoned them The cat who would never know that her owner abandoned her Just waits for her owner to come back every single day Because she has faith that her owner will come back one day When will she ever stop longing for her owner? Everyone's worried about her as it's getting colder Feral cats can adapt to cold weather, but she would starve to death if it snows The weather's getting cold Cats are weak from the cold It's almost impossible for the cat to survive through winter as she hasn't experienced winter in the wild before Decide to transfer her to a safe place before it gets too cold Never let her run away this time! We're trying to save you. Don't worry As if she knows that she won't be back here anymore, she can't stop staring at the pavilion Go on and live well.. Hope you meet a good family The cat gets far away from the mountain where she couldn't leave Parasite disease is very common for feral cats I don't see any parasites She showed negative on other diseases as well PD : Why does she have a big belly? Will see what's in here. I'm curious too She's not highly obese but I think she kept eating even though she was full The cat had to endure a tough life in the mountain, Relying on hikers' help As she was afraid that she might starve one day, she kept eating to prepare for an emergency Now she finally came down from the inescapable mountain But her longing for her owner never fades away.. 