Upon reaching out Our Darong convulses What a poor dog.. Let's eat this, Darong, come here! Upon reaching out her hand to her Awww, uhhh Having seizures again.. Our Darong was born in our home and has lived with us so far We've been living together for 13 years She used to ride a piggyback, hug, and come to rub me 4 years ago, since one day Darong hasn't allowed them to touch or get closer to him What's wrong with her? Thought she has a problem in the brain or the cervical spine But the abnormal symptoms appear only when a certain stimulus is imposed It's referred to as post-traumatic stress disorder(PTSD).. Seems like mental damages have led to physical health issues Darong suffers from PTSD triggered by a traumatic event..? When people's hands are raised above her head or she looks at people from below, she gives a signal that she's in fear She might have experienced something she must not have, or saw something she shouldn't have Maybe,, I think she saw her mom getting caught by someone else.. 4 years ago, that day Darong Watched her mom die in the most horrible way.. and she was left alone At that time, my husband was very sick So I wasn't able to understand how she would feel I thought I was the only one who's in pain. Didn't realize she suffered a lot If I were taking good care of her and hugging her every day.. (she wouldn't have turned bad like this) I turned my back on Darong who suffered, perhaps that's why she shut me out "Sorry, Darong.." I was so indulged in my pain that I couldn't understand your pain" Darong had no one else to rely on But you were having a tough time 'cause your husband was very sick at that time Don't be so sorry for Darong All you have to do now is help her improve from now on It's not too late now..! The first step is to have her psychologically realize that humans' hands are not a threat by using a mirror as an instrument Look at a mirror like this.. Slowly approach Darong, it's okay. No one will hurt you Saw it saw it Aww, so pretty Exchange eye contact Once more without a mirror this time! Darong, don't worry. Won't hurt you Time passes by.. Omg omg omg Omgah, what's going on Perhaps she felt her love Darong slowly opens up her mind Even wags her tail It's my fault.. My fault Hears her crying in so long time.. Forgive me, it won't happen again I'll hug her every day like I used to and keep trying until she gets better. Darong Thanks for giving me a chance again <3 