Yang~ Yang~ Yang, are you resting? Yang, would you come out? You won't? She always looks for the cat after school It must be tough in such cold weather.. Only Haena can get closer to the cat What a 10 year old girl is anxiously looking for is.. a stray cat.. The only person the cat listens to is Haena Yang~ Yang, eat up Then..! The cat sticks her head out But.. His leg is almost cut off The cat can't even stand right but is limping due to his injured leg All righty Yang who was eating startled by the noise and runs away Hurriedly hides under the roof Yang~ Upon hearing Haena's voice The cat plucks his courage to go outside again That's my boy, Yang So pretty, Yang Want to bring him to the hospital, But once trying catching him, he runs away Why does he shut down any approaches toward him while not refusing Haena's help? I tried petting him, but he's too wary... He barely comes out.. Others might think the cat's ours The first friend Haena who came along with her parents who decided to live in the countryside was the cat Yang They've been together for 3 years.. But then, an unexpected accident caused trouble between Haena and the cat Mom : The cat wasn't seen for about 2 weeks Thought he died first Was thinking what I should do about it.. Then some villagers said they saw the cat dragging a snare trap in his leg The one who saved the cat caught in the snare was of course Haena Right at the moment whent the rescuers and Haena were trying to put him inside the kennel, The cat just ran away like that.. Since that day, the cat hid under the roof and barely came out Mom : Haena wanted to help him But it must be hard for Yang to understand her I guess the cat kinda got salty about it That's why he's being wary a bit Want to have some food? Surprisingly, Yang comes out fast He approaches her out of excitement But soon after, the cat turns her back Is your leg hurt? Goes up to the roof to deliver sincerity through eye contact, hoping he would clear up the misunderstanding Yang~ Yang~ Shall we play together? Just come out here once! The cat answers but doesn't move at all.. I think it's too close PD : What's too close? / You PD : Do you think the cat doesn't come out because of me? / Yes, He'll be startled 'cause you're too close Okay.. Well.. As she gets on the roof alone and calls the cat The cat comes out and checks around Never seen her moves like that before.. As Haena gestures to come near her Yang plucks his courage again! That's right! Good boy Looks a bit uncomfortable, But they soon look into each other's eyes and the cat acts cute for Haena He doesn't run away from me anymore~ So brave~ So proud of you Yummy? Eat slow But soon after As soon as hearing the noise, the cat hides again Will be back again. Take a good rest That night Haena makes a bed with such itty bitty hands PD : Yang must be so thankful, right Yes, I hope she likes it.. Haena's sincere heart could be reached to the cat.. and the cat feels her love.. As the day comes, Haena's on the way to meet the cat again Rushes to the girl with the injured leg Rubs his head to the girl's hand, saying hello Vet : The cat's wounded because of the snare and the necrosis has been developed in the wounded area In worst case, her leg should be amputated so the cat needs to be rescued as soon as possible to check her leg condition Install a trap cage in acrylic which looks less threatening Vet : Since the cat has a great fear of steel it'd be better for Haena to build up trust through communion and rescue the cat accordingly Haena who the cat can only rely on plays a very important role.. Yang~ Yang~ Uh! She's here! Look, the cat's here! As the cat comes to the front yard, Haena patiently gets inside the cage first Yang, it's okay! But soon, the cat turns her back.. I think the cat's being wary of a strange trap cage as he's never seen it before Without giving up, Haena calls her again Finally...! But.. The cat gets frantic and starts resisting.. You are a good boy, Yang.. Seeing Yang losing her mind, Haena bursts into tears Yang, it's not what you think Yang, you're a good boy Our Yang.. Haena calms herself down and tries to relieve the cat Didn't realize that she would run away so desperately True friendship and pure love to save the poor life could make this rescue come to succeed You must be embarrassed, but you did well, Haena It's you who rescued Yang I'm glad.. Haena did such a wonderful job Yang~ Haena and Yang's second episode will be continued in part 2 