The labor pain's just started.. but puppies are not coming out yet.. Vet : I can see a puppy's head here Informant : Oh really?! Now the puppy is being stuck in her pelvis.. Informant : Sorry, sorry. Hang in there.. Sorry, Motnan.. Oh, no.. Sorry, Motnan Eventually had to force to pull out the puppy stuck in the pelvis Vet : It's hard to deliver puppies normally. Look here. It was a bit crushed out of shape as passing the pelvis now. Their dad is quite large, so the puppies are also large just like their dad. Because of that, her pelvis is too narrow to do a safe delivery So, we rushed her to the hospital. The vet said a Caesarean operation is the only way of saving the mother dog and her pups.. But why can't we hear the crying sound.. Unfortunately, three puppies already stopped breathing in the belly. This puppy is the only one left... The puppy cries loudly and says that 'I am fine'..!! Just thank you so much for being safe.. Motnan stares at her new-born puppy Vet : If it was one or two hours late, the one puppy would've been dead as well The mother dog could be in danger if several hours passed by after all unborn puppies were dead How about the leg? Vet : Both the right forepaw and hindpaw were broken. It's been long to be broken, so the bones were attached as being bent (Moreover,) the disease has spread too far as it's even able to see heartworms in the puppy's blood. Ah.. don't know whether it's a good or sad news, but at least, one puppy is alive now, so it'd better try to treat her after weaning the puppy from Motnan. As wandering alone on the street, the dog had exerted herself to protect her unborn puppy.. Thanks to her efforts, she could eventually hold her puppy in her arms.. Just hope she forgets the painful and tough times in the past and will live well with her puppy.. A few days later Boiling delicious Seaweed Soup Informant : Humans eat Seaweed Soup after childbirth. Just like humans, a dog should also eat this and improve her health because she was very hard giving birth to her baby For last 3 years, the informant has taken good care of her and even helps her postnatal care..! Informant : Motnan~ Were you feeding a puppy? Informant : Let's walk. Righty~ let's walk In addition.. she decided to be a family of Motnan and her puppy!! PD : Have you closely seen her eating like this? Informant : Oh, it's the first time of looking at her eating with eye contacts.. She usually doesn't eat and just escapes when someone gets closer to her. Motnan's Guardian : She might eat up all of them? lol "Good job!! You're the best! best~!!" The sweet happiness finally has come after going through such tough times.. From now on, wish she will be loved in full of good news Guardian : We're now the family, right? Since we're the family Le'ts live well happily~ right? Go for it! go for it~ A month later, we visited Motnan's house again Three more puppies are following the lady hehe Lady : Did you say hello? Hello~~ At the moment, a familiar dog appears..! Aren't you.. Motnan?! Lady : Yeah~ hello~ This is Motnan, hello! Lady : I didn't even get closer to her before.. but now if someone says 'Aww Motnan~' and touches her, she just stays still to be touched.. Motnan naturally accepts humans' touch..hehe It didn't even expect this situation until recently A month later, now Motnan's surprisingly changed. Lady : She was diagnosed with late-stage heartworm disease and heard that it was actually impossible to treat But it was almost cured now The treatment for heartworm disease is going to end~ and what's most surprising is.. Lady : Back in days, she was so bony but gained so much weight now. She currently weighs about 5.8kg(12.78 lb) But.. More surprising change than recovery is that.. Motnan gradually opens her mind.. The doggo who was avoiding humans before.. now follows after the lady only hehe It seems that Motnan still remembers how much the lady made efforts to help her.. Btw, can't see Motnan's puppy who should be beside her..?! Lady : A puppy? Whew.. the puppy's dead. PD : Oh, it's dead? / Yes Lady : The puppy was in Motnan's arms.. so I thought she was feeding but (Motnan) was embracing the puppy who already stopped breathing. After a while, she looked hard for her puppy here and there.. Since then, she skipped meals for about 4 days Unfortunately, even the last puppy she protected with difficulty passed away.. Since the only puppy went to heaven, Motnan had felt painful for quite a while Informant : In Motnan's viewpoint, she might've blamed me.. Since meeting with me, she had so many misfortunes.. She might be more heartbroken from such things. That's why she didn't open her mind at all.. The lady felt like it was her fault that Motnan has suffered.. So, she tried hard to have a lot of time with Motnan. Lady : You know how much Mommy loves you? Praying for that Motnan who was heartbroken once again can open her mind and come closer.. The lady has given her more love and waited for her Lady : I thought how much she opens her mind depends on me After than, she seems to open her mind to me a little bit~~ Spring has come again Lady : Aww good~ aww good job~~ You're doing good, our Motnan! Jump~! There you go~! Since it's been so long for going out, Motnan is so excited, runs around with light steps and fully enjoys the spring sunshine Lady : Aww, I feel happy. Doesn't it look peaceful? It's like she's saying "here's our home~" She fully enjoys the smell of her house Lady : She had gone through such tough times, so.. I'll change her name to 'Gijeog(=miracle)' Lady : You're not 'Motnan(=ugly)' anymore, but 'Gijeog(=miracle)'. You got it? "Kritter klub will always pray for the new beginning of 'Gijeog' that she has bright days only in future" 