Local : I was surprised, thinking the cat had two tails Local : When I first saw him, he was hurt a bit Used to be healthy, but suddenly one day.. There..!! A cat appears suddenly! But the way the cat walks is quite weird..? Limping his hind legs, walks away... Local : The cat had no problem walking, but one day, he showed up with bondage around his legs Where does he head to, dragging his legs..? The cat dangerously crosses the road Then hurriedly starts eating food that someone's placed in the street At that moment, another cat appears The cat's frozen upon seeing the other cat The cat became anxious, watching the other cat eating And then, another cat carefully approaches the cat Is the cat trying to harm the hurt one..? ?? After headbutting each other affectionately, Approaches the black cat and warns the cat to watch out After shooing the black cat away, Goes back to the sick one and watch him cross the road safely The mealtime has begun again While the sick cat eats, his friend stays by his side Local : They were always together whenver I saw them and hung together Local : They're looking for each other when one isn't seen.. It's like they got each other's back After done eating, goes into somewhere else PD : Their house is here What's going on..? We assumed they were feral cats who have nowhere to go.. Do they have their guardian? Even in the house, the cat's protecting her sick friend Upon hearing the car moving, the two hurriedly goes out Echo~ How have you been? The cat who was extremely wary of people follows the madame PD : Hello PD : We're from SBS Animal Farm Do you know these cats? They're feral cats living across the street One of them got hurt I named one 'Echo' which is the name of the building And this one is 'Sikbbang' because she's so fluffy Echo is the one who met the madame first In early October, I found him crying so loudly After I parked my car, I found him dragging one of his legs 6 months ago, the cat was found in pain due to his injured leg Out of pity, the madame began feeding and nursing the cat In return, the cat slowly opened up his mind to her PD : Did you wrap the bandage around his leg? / Yes She managed to wrap the bandage around his leg But since then, the cat never allows her to touch his leg One day, another cat(Sikbbang) appeared to Echo and began protecting him by his side Madame : I'm so proud to see her protecting a boy Sikbbang who's protecting Echo turns out to be a girl Sikbbang always tags along with Echo like a shadow It's amazing that cats can do what's even hard for humans Hope they get along well as they look out for each other Night falls Tonight as well, Sikbbang protects Echo After a while, she goes next to Echo Echo licks her as if he's thanking her Vet : They must have gone through some events that made them rely on each other For example, one protected the other when other feral cats try to invade one's space during territorial fights They must have built trust during those times That's why they could get along well and depend on each other Even though Sikbbang protects Echo, Can't leave Echo in such dangerous streets Decided to rescue the cat Rescue expert :  The cats could be in danger if we chase them after on the road Capture them with the trap cage would be the safest way As she couldn't rescue Echo and Sikbbang together so far The madame had no choice but to raise them on the street.. With Echo's help, attempt to lure Sikbbang How long has it passed.. Sikbbang's arrived upon hearing his crying Is she here? / She's here Without hesitating, runs next to Echo PD : Oh, no Echo and Sikbbang are transferred to the hospital and examined thoroughly Echo is in good health except for his legs' condition Vet : Nerves on his leg are all dead It might lead to sepsis or necrosis His leg should rather be amputated Wish Echo to get away from agony as soon as possible.. Waiting in a desperate prayer Vet : The surgery went well After 10 days, the stitches will come out and he'll be able to go back to his routine Echo, you've done so well Even though he's still in pain after surgery, the cat tries to get up for the madame.. Maybe because Sikbbang that he's missed so much came to see him.. Madame : I think Sikbbang's telling him that he had done so well.. The madame appreciate that he had endured such a hard time so well The madame adopted Echo and Sikbbang together And they've started a new chapter of life! 