Here is a highway rest area :) He's sitting on the edge of the roof Wait.. There's a dog on top over there! Over there.. It's strange~ Thought it was a statue, but it's alive! Restrained move The PD tries to interview him Ilbaek~ PD : (Why are you here..) Get down! No Answer Ah! My legs are numb Except for when his legs are numb CAW(What's wrong with him) CAW(Don't look at him, he might start a fight) He's sitting like a real statue A hot stew in cold weather Gulp I didn't see it.. *smack his lips* Stare at the mountain from a far distance.. Perhaps he's waiting for someone or thinking about something else.. With an ambiguous look Sitting in there all night... Next morning Honk, honk!! HONK With the car honking sound Puffing and panting Ilbaek ran out...?! Someone he's been waiting for..? Rolls over Acting cute Dance Dance and dancing with the shoulder PD : Are you his owner? Guardian : Yes! He left the dog in the rest area for a moment due to his busy work What a precious reunion once a week Come on Ilbaek keeps asking to go somewhere..? Come here! Argh, let's go! Guardian : He wants to go to the mountain since I came here in a long time That's why he doesn't try to come Did you hide a treasure in the mountain or what No more stiffness like a statue Hurry! Hurry! Are you not coming Rush~ Ilbaek is almost flying;; He arrives at..? This place is.. This is where Ilbaek used to play with his daddy He came to his daddy's grave What Ilbaek had been waiting for was not only the mister.. but the time he can meet his daddy again His daddy remained in the place where they used to play together (Ilbaek) Tagged along with his daddy since young They were always together, never apart from each other Even when going to any dangerous place, they were together Daddy and son were always together But then, they had to face unexpected parting.. Had a hard time after burying his daddy 'cause he didn't want to leave his dad behind Since then, he kept going up to the top and staring at this spot He's always been longing for his dad Guardian : I feel bad by seeing him going back and forth even though he's not a human He must've been frustrated and felt sad since he couldn't come alone though he could look from far away Even when winter comes with a severe snowstorm Today as well, Ilbaek stares at one spot only, waiting.. For him The mister prepares something for him, so that he can stay warm Since it's a rock.. It'll be too cold if he stays on it Hope his mind and body can get warmer.. Don't stay in the cold! Go home and stay warm Ilbaek, stay by my side, and live happily and healthily together!! Aite! Lez shake hands!! "We sealed the promise with a handshake! Ilbaek~ :)" 