Once in his hand, he will never let go of it! This doggo is obssessed with anything that's on the ground This continued for the past 4 years, can this be fixed? Guardian: Hello PD: Who is this fells, whose so bubbly?
Guardian: This is Myungsoo, my baby Got his character, today's star Myungsoo With warm welcome, we entered to the house..! PD: Huh? What?! PD: My shoes..! Myungsoo runs around with the crew's shoe in his mouth Guardian: He takes everything on the ground.. We can't put anything on the floor In our house, shoes must be stored in the shoe rack once taken off. I forgot to warn you This is exactly the bad habit this 4 years old Myungsoo ie exhibiting! Obssessed with things on the floor PD: He's not letting it go! I'm dizzy PD: How long does he do this? Will he let go of it after sometime? Guardian: No, he holds on to that all day Until he finds something else to play with. He'll not let go of it Myungsoo will not let go until another target appears 2 years old son William gets involved but he is barely a match for Myungsoo There are no other option but to get physical 16KG Myungsoo won't give up even when he's literally hanging PD: OH!!! After a long struggling, a crew member finally reclaimed his shoe Guardian: Now, he won't listen to me saying stop, he will find something in the end like a mad man If Myungsoo is not biting on something Myungsoo will feel anxious and look for something He brought something from a room Guardia: Hey, what is that! Oh my.,.. this is my wallet..! Give me it! Myungsoo~~ Myungsoo who guides VS Guardian who wants it back Guardian: Not that~~ Now, Myungsoo is master at running away from the guardian However, guardian can't let this slide Guardian: COME HERE! Guardian takes the wallet back by using force in the end Guardian: Jeez, it's all wet. The bills are all soaked... It's already too late Guardian: He'll take anything that's on his sight. We'll try to be very cautious, but it's a war every day Guardian: Let go! LET GO! Guardian: This is not a cloth rack anymore, but for shoes Because of Myungsoo, all the stuff are located above the ground somewhere Even shoes are stored Guardians keep the ground clear because of Myungsoo Myungsoo is on the search again Searching under the sofa, but it's cleared out already Myungsoo even goes for the toy William is playing with Myungsoo asks for William's toy William guards his toys VS Myungsoo wants it bad! Myungsoo is acting like a child Guadian: Myungsoo~ Myungsoo! No! No! Myungsoo barks off loudly Myungsoo is only calm and silent when he is biting on something Peace at last, guardian is trying to get Saebom to nap At that time! Saebom dropped her teething tots Myungsoo snatched the teething tots and started playing hide and seek Gauardian: Come here. Myungsoo. Come~ Guardian: Give me it Myungsoo is not giving up on the toy Guardian: Let's have some snacks! Making a deal and giving him a snack Yet, Myungsoo ignores the snack He's priorities are clear PD: Doens't he eat snacks? 
Guardian: He loves it... Eat! In order to take a firm and sturdier acion A new strategy Guardian: This is lemon juice. I heard that dogs don't like its smell Lemon juice is used to fix obsessive dog's behavior! Would it work on Myungsoo? Guardian Myungsoo~ Spraying lemon juice on the object he's biting To a sour taste, he's drooling Fighting against the sourness, he declares his obsession even stronger PD: Why wouldn't he give up on an object? 
Guardian: I wouldn't know. I have no clue When the guardian is trying to take it from him, it stimulates him more Saebom have lost her teething tots and Myungsoo seems happy enough after taking things from a baby Guardian: We brought Myungsoo after seeing him on an adoption platform when he was 11 months old. Upon arrival, he had that trait (being obsessed with things) The previous owner couldn't bear it.. I think the dog had been keeping the house alone 4 years ago, when Myungsoo became a family He acted like a child who needs love and attention and brought stuff to them Out of pity, the guardian gave him a lot of love Perhaps the decrease in attention to him after the birth of a baby is the problem? Myungsoo's odd behavior has been getting worse and worse Now, Myungsoo doesn't end up taking the stuff but destroys it Where is this obsession coming from..? Behaviorist: This pattern of guardians trying to scold and take things away from him, is a play for him. I think he is understanding this as a way of communicating with the guardians At some point, this pattern became a play The problem is, Myungsoo is obsessed with stuff that draws more attention from the guardian! Behaviorist: In his case, he should have been educated about things he can play with, and things he can't. I think we can try to shock him and teach him that he can't touch stuff on the ground To teach him the division between what he can play with and not We're trying a balloon Wil lit work on Myungsoo? Once Myungsoo bites a thing! POP! Myungsoo drops the teething tots Myungsoo is confused Yet, Myungso doesn't give up He gives another shot That time, the guardian picks up on a balloon, and Myungsoo voluntarily give up on the teething tots Unbelievable Same with any other objects If he learns about things he can't touch via repeated training 
Then, he needs to learn what he CAN play with When he brought his own toy (dog toy) compliment him a lot, so he is attached to the toy of his own Then... when Myungsoo is given both dog toy and a teething tots He chooses dog toy! Guardian: Well done~ Level up! Myungsoo was obsessed with shoes, we are testing him by hiding a toy amongst the shoes Myungsoo runs to the shoes! and finds... his toy! with compliments and snacks, he gives up on the toy Guardian: I was really worried that he wouldn't change, but now I feel so relaxed to see him change. He is a member of our family, and we will live together forever, we will have to try and try harder too. 