Over there In between the containers Is that him? / Yes, that's him A cat's neck is around with something.. PD : His neck is dark Informant : The decayed nylon rope on the neck makes his neck look dark The rope shoved into his neck Looking pretty serious, being tangled with the wound Moves carefully, But soon the cat suffers by the pain of the wound Due to wariness, the informant can only place the food Can the cat eat? / Barely swallow it Upon sensing the movement, however, The cat hides as he got frightened What is he so afraid of? Eat up After placing the food Watch in a distance for a cat to eat The cat's out Fortunately, the cat's out But the cat watches out around for a while Finally the cat eat up However Due to his neck, the cat can barely swallow the food The cat's having hard time eating food Informant : It's been like that over a year He has a strong will to survive The cat has endured for such long to survive.. However, he's unable to overcome such pain alone The rope slowly tightening his neck.. To find a solution a vet has arrived Vet : He's in a serious condition If the infection develops, it might lead to sepsis and put his life at risk Delay of the rescue might take his life away Place food in the trap cage When the cat goes in, the door will be shut However the cat doesn't show up even when the night falls down But then! The cat slowly approaches the cage and carefully goes inside Meanwhile when the cat eats up Succeed in rescue the cat! The cat's very frightened It's okay Worse than I thought / In a closer look? All we wish for him is to get away from the pain.. Informant : Hope he lives happily and healthily, and receive treatments well Needs to get treated as soon as possible Vet : It's very serious.. I've never seen a cat in such condition.. What's the rope around his neck that has been teasing him for the past year? Is that a rope? The rope isn't totally attached to it So I'm going to cut it out and examine it The rope on his neck is finally removed Vet : I think it's a rope for laundry Then why does the rope for laundry was around his neck? How long is the diameter of the rope? 3 cm maybe? Must be tied up when he was a baby It's hard to guess with this length of the rope.. It's pretty sure that a human tied this up But it doens't seem like the cat bit it off I think a person tied the cat and neglected him on purpose and cut the rope off It's assumed that someone tied the cat on purpose Then for what reason the culprit imposed pain on such a little kitty Abuse on feral cats never ends.. Harsh life on streets.. It's even impossible to sustain life for 3 years.. A woman says she suffers from a nightmare every night Informant : I witnessed a shocking scene a few days ago Let me show you the picture A cat was.. Is it a cat? / Yes, it's a kitten The baby kitten dangled in the tree The thorns on the tree stuck in his body, The kitten was found dead being stuck in a tree and unable to finish releasing feces.. Cats gather around when I place the food But no one comes these days One of the cats I feed hid under the car, shivering its whole body looking at me with a frightened face Such cruelties didn't stop yet Informant : I found one not too far from this place Was dead on the ground.. Another dead feral cat was found nearby Its whole body is bruised.. They're only a one month old kitty.. It's definitely an animal cruelty Seeing that one kitty was dangled in the tree and the other was hurt.. The culprit must be a monster who committed such a cruel crime Visit the crime scene Resident : Was it over there? The kitten was dangled like Jesus on the cross It was found dead Looked like someone did it on purpose? Yes, the kitten was like Jesus on the cross Resident : It was on this tree The kitten was found on the flowerbed behind the housing complex where no one barely passes by The first incident occurred here and next occurred right next to it The cats were found dead in a similar spot Resident : The cat listened to people very well Cause the cat followed when someone gives food Perhaps the culprit minded the cat's crying or walking by.. Is there someone who dislikes cats? /Yes The two cats who were friendly to people used to follow the people very well Animal protection organization : Since the legal punishment towards animal abuse is light, Abusers choose animals as a method to show off their superiority Like teasing the weak to reveal their presence Such distorted nature triggers hatred crime But There are also good people who cherish little creatures Vet : I was concerned because he didn't breath during surgery But thankfully, he endured so well and had a strong will to survive The surgery went well and he's doing well so far The cat started to allow people's touch Vet : Since it's a human who tied his neck he must be afraid of humans But it's also a human who took care of him So he could open up his mind and not so wary of people as well Thanks to people who didn't ignore the little creature slowly dying The cat could start the second chapter of his life Like a miracle Hope he's happy forever <3 