A nice day to walk outside! Wait for me, owners! Uhuh, that's an apartment complex;; Apartment security guard : Ah the dog is not allowed here Drag the dog out! NOW! He's not our dog Common repertoire of the chosen one.avi What are you doing? Go home! He keeps following us, So everyone thinks he's our dog.. Am I going to your house Or my house No matter how much they shoo the dog away, You, Jookdol, are already home.. He started waiting at our house, wagging his tail and being cute Fave thing to do at the house? Chill in the sunlight And take a nap The. Care. Free. Life Dad leaves work Aren't you going home? You're still here? This is mai home. Where else would I be? He stays quietly And sunbathes for most of the day Half of the day is him lying down As if he's here, but not really Jookdol lives dat nomad life lol Baekgu! Is it the owner..? Goes toward someone.. HAI PD : Do you know him? Elementary school student : Yes, I always feed him.. You feed him?! / Yes~ Ah.. That's an apartment complex;; If I go out like this, He leads the way to my house Next-level sociability Only picks the houses w/ dogs And steals their food PD : Because he looks hungry, you bring him over Yes! Returns the favor with cute charms I ate well~ Today as well! Are you going home now..? Rubbish! Time for round 2! Dis dog knows how to have fun..? Producer : Him! Does he come here often? He comes often! He follows everyone! I have a separate belly for dessert Food stealer. Jookdol lolol He follows everyone he recognizes~ Overly outgoing dog.. Returns after getting a free meal Where have you been? Did Jookdol come home? Hey! W/o Jookdol, We ask "Mom! Where did Jookdol go?" right when we get home Jookdol became like their dog.. Stop being wishy-washy I wouldn't raise dogs bc it's another responsibility.. But mister asks how we can starve a living animal That we have to feed him. So I boil food for him The family accepted Jookdol Everything happens for a reason So a family meeting is arranged 
[Agenda] Jookdol's adoption He needs to be taken care of? He roams around too much.. If we raised him.. The answer is obvious Jookdol is already part of our family~ Leashing comes first If there's a leash, they'll know that he has an owner and won't take him away Not used to the leash at first, But Jookdol takes his first step as an official family member! The neighbor recognizes him on his first walk as their dog! Things turned out for da best! He must've roamed all over the places.. Guardian : After spending time together, he'll get fully adjusted! I'll be the Jookdol of this house 