Local : The fur is shaggy.. and the leg looks creepy, really creepy Local : The lower part of the body is almost hairless and the upper part has hair in patches Local : It looks awful. Just too scary To identify the dog, we looked around but it's hard to see the dog.. Local : Sometimes the dog is there, sometimes passes by here, Anyhow the dog briefly appears and then vanishes. Local : The dog hides under a car and doesn't come out Often hides under the car and stays there PD : There there... under under.. under the white car... After searching here and there, a suspicious object's movement was found at the bottom of a car Is it the dog that we looked around to find? As we get closer in order to identify.. The dog escapes from beneath the car!! But the appearance is totally different than other dogs.. PD : Under that car, next to the taxi... Want to look in details so that we find out how exactly the dog looks like.. But it's not easy to find out the look since the dog hides and runs away to the edge of the road.. We found the doggo under the car again.. The dog crouches down and doesn't move. After carefully approaching the dog, we saw the shocking figure looks so exhausted.. The dog goes off in a hurry again and runs away with frightened eyes Local : Too poor. The skin is peeled off and turns red.. The dog was going crazy cause it's so itchy Although a car passes by, the dog keeps scratching on the spot The dog terribly suffers from feeling itchy.. But meanwhile, the dog rushes to run away when hoomans get closer.. And the dog hides again deep inside of the car.. Local : Usually at about 11~12 p.m. the dog often comes out when no one is around. Local : Appears once or twice in the daytime In the night, the dog may walk around the whole area of the central market.. To find something to eat~ The night falls The dog is not even hiding under the car where the dog used to hide during the day At the moment Where does the dog come from.. As we followed the dog.. A food waste disposal facility..? Guess the dog strolled around to find something to eat.. In bad condition, the doggo was wandering around the street deep into the night. . Next day The street is crowded and.. As expected, the dog was staying still under the car. Mister : Phew.. feel pity for the dog.. Phew doesn't look like a dog.. Ma'am : Even walks with a limp.. Might be hurt..The dog was even walking with a limp. Local : The dog wasn't like that at first.. Someone might beat the leg again. The dog used to walk with lifting one leg Local : If a dog appears, tourists run away. So many ppl let the dog not come up here Because of the hideous look there were those who harass the dog without reason.. Why does the dog still stay in this town for 1 year despite the fear of humans? Maybe waiting for someone? Local : There's a reason. The owner left the dog over there.. Local : Someone abandoned the dog in this town Local : The dog's owner abandoned and one day that dog appeared there Local : At first, the dog looked so pretty with a hair perm... Next day Wish the dog can avoid the rain under the car, but came out in the middle of the street. In the rain, the dog's condition seemed to be much worse than before And the dog wildly scratched the body in the middle of nowhere.. Today, the dog's walk looks much more uncomfortable As soon as the rain stops, the rescue operation is launched! To let the dog's guard down, tried to give food but ran away to the other side. Vet : It's very serious. Surely worried about the heartworm infection. Since the dog lost a lot of fur, bacterial or fungal dermatitis can be suspected.. As I see the skinny body, the internal organs can also be damaged. The rescue team arrived and began to discuss how they will rescue the dog The rescue captain : Since we don't know the dog's current position, when the dog's position is determined, we gotta gather and.. A highly probable hiding place is under the car! When we're worried the dog might have gotten in trouble or something! Rescuer : The dog is right under this car. PD : Under the car? / Yes First, block the passages the dog is able to escape. With the use of the capture net, widely surround near the car where the dog is Since the rescue team is busy to prepare for the rescue, the dog feels nervous and looks around PD : Uh!? Coming out! coming out!! this way!! When the dog's caught in the net, the rescuer rapidly throws a scoop net! PD : Did you catch the dog!? PD : Oh! Caught caught!! Finally succeeded to rescue..! But the dog extremely trembles with fear.. Vet : The dog seems to be about 5 years old. PD : 5 years old~? / Yes yes In order to know the dog's health condition, the accurate test is required but.. The doggo with fear and anxiety became aggressive.. It's been a year to live on the street after being abandoned.. As enduring a rough time alone, the doggo must've been exhausted a lot. Above all, vet checks about the skin condition.. Vet : I found the mange from the fur taken out of his ears.. This is the mange Even the infection by heart worms is suspected.. Vet : Has regenerative anemia caused by chronic starvation.. It's a relief that the dog was not infected by heartworms. Dermatitis and even entreritis.. there's no part of him that's left unscathed The leg which made the dog limp is.. Vet : Must be hurt since the dog was neglected for a long time This is how it is in progress.. It's been so long time since the leg was fractured.. The fractured leg was just hardened, so it's hard to do surgery.. Vet : If we treat well in hospital for a while..and nourish the dog, The condition will be much better It's said that the dog will recover more quickly if the dog gets well nourished Two days later, PD visited the hospital again The dog's still wary of humans, so when everyone leaves the place the dog finally begins to eat food Vet : The skin was exfoliated a lot... compared to that time.. PD : Way better than before
Vet : Yes Just like that, the dog's wounded heart began to be cured.. Hope the dog forgets the past times and lives as being loved by someone.. 