Hello A kitten was crying alone, without a mother around her So I took her to the office The kitten is this one I named her 'Yang' Full of charms, Kitten 'Yang' I was planning to send her away after feeding her if she was normal Since she doesn't have eyes.. I couldn't let her go So I'm raising her instead No matter how much he shakes his hand in her face The kitten has no clue where the hand goes The eye holes are empty She cries when there's no sound, looking for me PD : Looking for you? / Yes The kitten relies on a sound and a smell If the mister doesn't make a sound The kitten sets out to look for him The mister became the eyes for the kitten Wife : He's been feeding her milk for a month in the office He couldn't come home as he had to feed her once in 2-3 hours I was a bit upset about it But now I understand because she would've starved if he didn't Thanks to the mister's affection, The kitten has grown lovely But While playing joyfully, The kitten suddenly becomes anxious Thumping into things, the kitten goes to.. ..the mister! As if she recognized the mister's kind heart of raising her, the kitten follows the mister all day And the mister always have her by his side Since she's been tagged along with me, only looks for me Seeing her following him so well, I feel like fate has brought them together From A to Z.. The mister nurses him ardently.. PD : Do you put eye drops into her eyes every day? / Yes The doctor said that she needs to be examined for an exact result But she's still too young for anesthesia It's not easy to nurse a blind kitten.. I found her underneath here, on the grass Three months ago, in the corner of a parking lot The kitten was found alone When I saw her in the office with a bright light Found that her pupils were strange I thought she won't survive outside alone So I decided to raise her The mister couldn't ignore the kitten's misery Yang, who has become a family now is in charge of being cute in the office Yang~ She grew so much She was really tiny She wouldn't have survived if it wasn't for him The mister wants to send time with her But he has to work now During working hours, he put her to sleep and has to sneak out secretly Yang fell into a sleep so deeply to the point where she doesn't recognize that he left for work A few hours later The kitten who was sleeping silently is awake As soon as she wakes up Looks for the mister first Daddy, where are you? Don't worry, daddy will come soon Wait for a bit Instead of the mister The wife goes to her The kitten rejects the others' touch From the moment she realized that the mister is gone As if a child who missed a mother's hand The kitten became so anxious Decides to look fro the mister alone But she keeps bumping into things.. As she couldn't see Being unable to go outside of the office Sitting in the entrance of the office and waiting for the mister After a while Perhaps she heard something The kitten runs to where the sound came from The kitten heads to the place where the mister is Though she's blind She can hear the mister's footsteps faster than anyone else He has no choice but to proceed his work with the kitten next to him Is there any way to fix her eyes? Before it's too late, visit the hospital Hope she's able to see Hope she can see through one eye if possible, but she's completely blind.. Only if she could see enough to perceive the obstacles.. How's the result? Vet : Her eyeballs fell out in a serious degree and are covered with an eyelid She completely lost sights in both eyes She's not able to see with her both eyes She was born with an end-stage eye which is genetic There's no way to fix it since it's a birth defect An end-eye stage keeps causing stimuli on her eys Eye droppers won't help Her eyes need to be extracted Is it impossible for her to see? She's highly likely to develop infections if this condition continues The eyeballs are harmful to her So it's better to remove anything that would harm her Since infections could spread inside the eyeballs Her eyes should be removed.. In general, a mother cat abandons its kitten who's born with such condition She might have been alone because her mom abandoned her She was lucky enough to be rescued and be able to live so far To the kitten who was abandoned by her mom and left alone The mister came to her like a miracle Now They can't live without each other anymore Vet : The surgery is over PD : Did it go well? / Yes She'll feel at ease more She had so much pus inside her eyes and infections as well Fortunately, those are all removed Now that she won't be sick anymore The mister is relieved Does it hurt? All he can do is wait for the wounds to be healed.. A few days later Despite the pain from the surgery that still remains Yang is bubbly as always She never whins or scratches the part where she had surgery She's doing so well Until she's healed for the kitten to rest in a safe spot the mister gave her a space in the office Hope she grows healthily without getting sick The mister has become sunshine to this little creature who was left alone Hope they rely on each other and be happy on every path they take :) 