Went out for a walk as usual But..! Let go of a dog so easily Left her alone, and the dog's looking for him desperately As if dumping things, This guy left Sooni behind and disappeared "He must know about this hood" Discovered abnormal symptoms everywhere on her body... Vet : A tumor on the mammary land are highly likely to be malignant "There's zero chance of the guy not finding that tumor" What happened to the dog..? The producer asks around the hood Finds the hospital... PD : Have you seen a Bedlington Terrier dog who came for an examination before Chuseok? Vet Yes, there was one Someone visited the hospital when the dog was abandoned..! Vet : Perhaps in the fifties..(male) There was a guy who adopted a stray dog with ear problems So he wanted to check the dog's ears When I said the treatment would cost a lot He said the adoption agency would pay instead So the guy abandoned the dog he adopted..? PD : So he left without any examination? / Yes! Since the dog didn't get an examination It's hard to find the clue.. The dog, who was abandoned, being untreated under the good care of one person, is getting better Temporary guardian : I'm so into her! So into the way she looks Very charming Though she was hurt before Sooni opened up her mind It's well known that dogs never forget about their first owner I do hope to find her first owner who lost her Before she's sent to a dog shelter Hope she finds the owner who she used to live together.. Perhaps her first owner is desperately looking for her While searching thru the missing cases..! Uh! Doesn't she look similar? Try calling.. PD : The features of the dog reported missing perfectly match to the dog we know.. Check through the video call... Her face looks exactly the same I think I should go and check first! A man comes running I've been looking for my dog for long, handing out flyers... Searched the sewers to check if my dog fell down there I really wanna check.. Feeling nervous Finally... Two face each other..! Luffy..! Luffy..! As if she's greeting.. Hard to understand her reaction My dog has something like a spot over here Checks carefully.. No, not my dog Because my dog's front paws are mostly black Her face and nose look similar to my dog, but.. She's not my dog Sad as much as he was desperate.. I came here to find my dog.. If she was Luffy, I could've brought her home.. Sooni must've been a precious dog to someone else I'd like to report To find her second owner who abandoned her File a request for investigation Finding a person who abandoned or lost her would be a lot easier through an organized investigation.. Sooni Finally gets surgery to remove the tumor, which has been teasing her for long.. Fortunately, the surgery is done successfully! Vet : The surgery went well! If malignant tumors or tumors that would turn malignant are discovered She might have to receive anticancer treatments The tasks on forth Sooni!
It's okay! It's okay! can be solved together..! It'll be great to find her first owner who raised her since young If I couldn't find the first owner, then I will take care of her for long though I'm fostering her now!" You are more than what you deserve to be <3 