"Thought it was a mop" "A Dog's limping, covered with hair all over" "The dog has been like that over 3 years" In the summer heat The stray dog roams around the street with ragged hair.. Upon approaching Runs away.. Local : The dog's extremely wary of people Runs away even when we go near him Where are you going.... But! Hurry! Leggo!
I'll get you some water! Come here, quick Goes after a lady? PD : Is he your dog? Lady : No I just feed him once in a while Earllook, stay there Eat! It's okay, eat Hesitating.. As soon as she leaves him alone He starts to eat He had a collar on his neck like an accessory He has an owner..?! Here.. When the lady's trying to touch, The dog gets startled and runs away from her.. PD : Where is he heading to? Earllook heads to.. an empty building located outside of a village Panting.. Dogs instinctively return to where they were born Then where's his family? His family abandoned him and left They left as if they were running away in the dark After a visit from strangers The family hurriedly left the house But.. Earllook was left alone without knowing what was going on.. The dog even coughs.. Almost chokes himself when coughing Coughing and limping on his legs.. His health is getting worse Hurriedly start the rescue But.. Earllook went missing PD/ Have you seen Earllook today? Not today.. But I saw him yesterday Where did you go, Earllook? PD : Have you seen the dog passing by? Yes, the dog went all the way down PD : There he is! Earllook appears in a narrow alleyway Closing in on all sides Rescue Success Korean Animal Welfare Association/ It's okay, calm down He has a bad cough Soon after Transferred to the hospital for a medical examination How's his health? Vet : A bit.. Serious He's aged (more than 10 years old), and has lived on the street for a long time Heavily infected with heartworms Even if he's treated, I can't guarantee that he'll be in good health for a long time During those times when he struggled all alone His health had been deteriorating.. It's too late, right? Vet : Rather than treating him to recover health We need to provide him hospice care to lessen the pain for the rest of his days What Earllook needs is.. To stay with him till the end of his life So he doesn't feel lonely.. I've never imagined that I would raise him, but I'll do my best to make him happy.. and live peacefully. I'll raise him until his last days Earllook has a new family now Earllook~ No more sorrow in your life. Let's make happy memories :)) 