Trapped in a cage.. Dogs (raised for meat) who are waiting for their last moment And in here.. Korean Animal Welfare Association (KAWA) : The mother gave birth at dawn But! The puppies don't even move the slightest persuading the farmer They're urgently checked.. PD : Are they dead? They've already departed this world The three are alive Because their temperatures have fallen The remaining 3 puppies are also in a dangerous condition But the reaction of one puppy is weak Can't give up like this! Bring some warm water After checking the temperature Tries massaging the puppy.. Please.. The puppy starts crying After narrowly getting over a crisis The mother who faces her puppy Try licking (the puppy) She looks away Shim In Seop from KAWA : During the delivery, if there were other stresses or if she got stressed during pregnancy What could have happened here? Witness recording A dog on a collar came out of the cage The dog, beaten by a club by the farmer, passed away cruelly The mother dog had to watch the death of her friend What's more shocking is.. He thought of (the farmer) as his owner Followed the farmer like he's his owner!? Normally because (dogs) know instinctively when they reach an extreme situation When dogs get frightened, they put their tail down But! Wagging tail The dog followed the owner while wagging his tail and came to the place of slaughter PD : How long did you raise the dog who you've had for a long time? Farmer : About 2 years.. The dog who was freed from the cage and had gone out for his first exciting outing was never able to return.. Article 8 of Animal Protection Law  Action causing death in front of the same kind of animal is a violation of Animal Protection Law Criminal charges etc. are taken About the remaining animals, we should persuade the farmer.. After a long persuasion with the farmer He decided to give up ownership After the difficult process The dogs were freed from the owner.. A reality of the slaughter of an animal who has such deep bonding with humans.. That fact is very frustrating and regrettable A horrible environment Even in extreme circumstances The reason that the dogs followed the man.. is because he was their owner Can't these innocent souls Receive love and live happily? 