*That mug shot tho..*
 Caution - Beware of dog In front of someone else's door.. Watchu lookin' at Creek- So..sorry Me likey<3 Welcome<3 I demand suggle! A snuggle! This one's very friendly? Yes, the dog loves hoomans I'm Byul~ Byul loves hoomans, and greets them well Byul welcomes people (Always ready to greet) I got my eyes on you +_+ Going for shopping? hehe That kid grew up a lot? How's your parents~? Drive safely.. Drive safely!! Spotted That lady...!! What's with the sudden barking Found the enemy Byul~ Don't bark at me~ Request declined BEGONE.. I warned you Don't you dare! Cray bish.. Oh my, oh my I'm the only bish in area 21 To safely return home, disguises herself lol Your house is right there.. Why can't you go in.. She's..She's..looking down at me while hiding.. Hides herself, sticking her head out.. Byul hides herself sticking out her head Lez go.. Grrrr... Quick, quick! Lady!! Imma smash that hooman Where is she! It's hot today tho.. PD : Does she change her attitude completely? Yes, yes.. She pulls a 180.. Only towards me. You better.. Get out of my sight Why me.. Smiling on the outside, but mad on the inside Dis bish smiles :) Watering the lettuce.. I don't likey Byul's owner: I feel bad for her that she's struggling.. We came up with various solutions Like hitting her nose when the lady stands in front of our door But she even went crazier Didn't work at all Byul who only gets triggered by the lady.. Only had scars when trying to stop her.. Thanks to her.. Full armor Nice breeze~ But!! Byul suddenly gets upset! Lady!! Leave! Hurry!! Byul, nooo!! Ahh!! Stop, stop.. It's okay, it's okay.. Phew.. On my way home, I'm always on edge and have to run bc of her Bites her own mother when caught up in the moment!! Come back home.. Calms her down again.. Go in, lady! Why is it so dangerous to get into my house.. What the hecc Gotcha Byul won't stay still Darn.. Damn.. You slytherin.. It's the scarest moment of her She goes nuts when upset.. She bites if she's next to me (The lady's front door) Staring at that door.. 24/7..! But then!! Someone comes out of the house.. Huh? Something's fishy.. Wait... Is she.. Have we met before? Do I know you, a long-hair lady? Looks familiar tho.. No, so please go in.. Who's this mysterious lady..?! Find out in part 2 