Two white dogs who have been wandering on the streets for a year But A deep wound on their neck Due to their severe wariness, They couldn't be rescued so far Informant : They'll show up if we wait Because they have their puppies here They'll come to see them They are their puppies Five months ago, One of them gave birth to them The dog gave birth under a container Didn't realize that she gave birth Then I checked after I heard yelping sound The dog has been taking care of the puppies secretly A temporary house for the puppies provided by locals The dogs often visit and take care of the puppies Will they really show up? With a dog barking sound the dogs show up! Look after the puppies first And lick each other's wound Then, they disappeared to somewhere.. I heard that they're a mother and daughter Just like humans have strong motherly and fatherly love dogs also have them, but stronger than that of humans' I think They really care for each other It's so heartbreaking to see them like that.. Locals feel bad and pity poor mother and daughter dog.. That's why they've been feeding them At that moment, the daughter dog appears But she hesitates to get closer to the puppy and hurriedly leaves.. Keeps being wary of people, but she stays by the puppies' side The other dog comes soon after They start licking each other's wound The festering wounds.. must have been on their neck from a long ago The daughter dog can't even swallow food properly They become highly alert to someone's presence The wound's getting worse.. Can't leave their problem unsettled anymore A rescue team's arrived I think there are many spaces where the dog could escape through So we'll find those spaces and block any possible route where the dogs could use to run away Block every hole Except for an entrance to the empty space where the puppies live All set They came in! As the dogs go inside The rescue team blocks the entrance The mother dog senses that something's wrong Oh no, the dog jumps over there The dog jumps over the wall.. At that moment, the daughter dog hides under a truck Carefully approaches her But the dog runs to the opposite side.. The dog flees from the rescue team She's out! The dog eventually escapes and runs away Went out through this space Running away through this small gap the dogs went missing After the first trial was failed, the dogs didn't show up for a while.. They don't come here anymore It's been about a week.. But it's too early to lose hope Decide to install a kennel trap near the puppies Will the dogs appear? The next day, the dog shows up at dawn Carefully looks at the kennel.. Pull, pull! Got her! The puppies' mother is rescued first The dog gets severely anxious.. Upon a closer look, the wound looks severe than we thought it was Wait until the dog relaxes Transferred to the hospital Urgently remove the leash on her neck But.. The leash was too tight that it harmed the skin.. The leash dug into the skin that it was attached to the skin It has to be removed with the skin.. Goes on surgery Hope the dog is strong enough to endure After a four hour of surgery The leash is finally removed The dog went through such a tough time so well.. The neck girth of an adult dog is this much about 7 inches in diameter but the girth of the leash is only 4-5 inches in diameter so it was too tight for her The hard times are finally over.. The whereabouts of the other one who ran away is unknown.. Rescue team : The dog must be shocked and startled, that she seemed to move to the other place We'll keep tracking her traveling route and try our best to rescue the dog Fortunately The daughter dog's health is getting better Though in severe pain, the dog tried her best to take care of her puppies Informant : I might cry.. How grateful that she's rescued Until she recovers completely, The dog will stay in the hospital with her puppies As she recovers physically, hope she heals her mind too.. Informant : Hope she recovers soon and becomes healthy again.. It'd have been nice if two dogs were treated together.. since they were always together.. The rescue continues.. Hope the whole family is reunited again..! 