A horse hurtling with excitement while a person is on it Calm Mammy down! Calm! Calm! Calm! Calm Mammy down Still isn't staying calm Mammy's like a wild horse right now It's mandatory for horses for horseback riding to maintain stable breath and steps Mammy used to be calmer than that horse before Calmer.. But Mammy even refuses her owner... Doesn't even like people touching her What has happened to Mammy? Once I wanted to give Mammy food But there was a colt in our yard I was so shocked Mammy was pregnant but the owner didn't know However, the colt was stillborn I think she's really heartbroken and I want to make her feel better Mammy's new friend "Heidi" Cautiously goes next to Mammy Mammy is seriously depressed now The colt didn't move at all when it was born Mammy tried to wake the colt up so she kept licking the colt But no one came to help Mammy. So she was so nervous at that time. Now the owner knows what Mammy has gone through.. Mammy feels guilty.. She hopes you can understand her Why is she feeling like that... It's all my fault.. Mammy didn't want to disappoint you Mammy used to feel pain in her lower abdomen I think whenever she ran, she felt the pain The muscles probably were tensed up Mammy had to feel the pain every time she ran when she was pregnant The owner feels so guilty because he didn't recognize that Mammy was pregnant Mammy is in great agony because she thinks that she lost the baby by letting people ride on her back She thinks she won't lose the baby next time she gets pregnant if she stops letting people ride on her back Mammy doesn't want to resent you anymore because she knows that you didn't do it on purpose and she's telling me how much she loves you Heidi can't stop crying after listening to Mammy's story The owner is sincerely apologizing and expressing his love for Mammy I seems like Mammy read her owner's mind A few days later Mammy comes out all by herself in more than a year and a half Doesn't refuse to let people ride on her back.. Animals are the same as people We should try to understand that they need time to heal Thanks for opening your heart Mammy~ 