Once upon a time in a grocery store.. These are all that was ripped and eaten PD : Ate them? / Yes, only leaves the heads like this always Lead1 -  Only eats good food I took a glance like this I got scared Lead2 - Summer's almost over but it's scary~ Oh something’s here / Came out You can see (the cat) right? What everyone is thinking is correct Hey, young boss Act like a cat owner She's been doing this almost every day for the past 3 months Peculiar, very much so! There's no entrance Can't even see a mouse hole I don't know where she comes through, feel like going crazy Everyone you can get off work "I must catch this rascal" Jinx, Came in! Henlo everyone? Sneaky sneaky~ Uh what's this?! Is this the first time you're seeing a cat inside storage lol Arghh Ate too much, Got stuck cause of fat belly lol Imma go on a diet from tomorrow Ms. Cat has entered. How did she come out? Wah~ Ha! Cuz I'm special~ My target today Don't judge meow Today's menu, Pork tenderloin You got that yummy yum babe On to the next For calcium, definitely anchovies Stop filming, I'm tryna eat Yummy yum babe I'm full. Gotta leave now What? There's another one Oh Oh what I'm surprised What what's this Who dis Cats also two of them! This house is guuuud Excuse me~ I'm buying on credit~ These rascals! Frustrated for reals.. (The cat) is there! If caught she'll die with kisses +_+ No.. Not that... The next day There! Ah there~ The cat's final path to the mart That's the hole that (the cat) comes through Look there there there isn't that (the cat)? Where? The mafia's night has returned Hai it's me~ Imma catch you now~ In nearby restaurant The cat's there, there Ah the cat’s here? It's not meow DEFINITELY IS Ah the cat lives here? / Cat owner : Yes she lives here (Meat that was bought at that mart) Eats well.. Cat owner : There're 4 kittens, they were born recently There're even kittens? Got the absolute right Cute Hah.. Just laugh Will do fact check~ Oh oh she's really Yang That's correct You had no idea? Had no idea Cat owner : This area has a lot of one rooms, since it's near a university I wondered if she was abandoned because it was too hard to raise her I, Catto, lonely cat on the streets.. Was roaming around the streets as usual.. and found this... PURRADISE Then what about this cat..? A friend, friend What a good friend Shouldn't she live in jail for like 3 years? Freed with admonition thanks to the kittens These thankful babies I think I'm going with good memories Since she's near, I plan to take good care of her like a second owner Yang, eat a lot and be healthy~ 