Hiya, My name is Cherry Woah.. lol Oh myyyy Cherry: Wat yo lookin at Wut Cherry..  you are ..so... PD: Looks like a seal.. Guardian: Yeah..  She’s a cat PD: Oh... Desperate grooming to prove she’s a catto Look closely.. PD: Oh my oh my.. Oops Can’t even reach her tongue, what happened? Guardian: Yeah, I have to groom her like this.. Cherry: Groom meh PD: Woah.. lifts her hind leg? As if she’s the most considerate one in this area Really….. Thank you… lolol Guardian: Do you wanna try holding her? Cherry: Pft you dare I’m not an itemmmmmeow PD: Woahhh lolol So fluffing heavy.. Cherry: Put me down in 2 sec PD: Woah.. I will let you do..do..down haha PD: Oh.. she’s moving..! Woah woahh woah WOAH!! WOW!!!! Cherry: Stop getting on mah nerves Back in her kitten days when we couldn’t even imagine she’d turn into a fatty Mother: She used to go up (to the ceiling), to the top.. Back then she used to open all the drawers and stuff And now Woah woah..! Wiggle wiggle One, tew Woaaaaa Woaaaaa Despite my appearance, I’m a cat! Guardian: For other cats, since there’s a bump here they can’t sleep as it’s bothersome.. But (Cherry) sleeps 2~3 hours..  in the same posture here Under the lonely sunlight.. If my shadow for..m.. Before that, should prepare the meal Rustling Rustling Huh??  came out already? PD: Oh? She’s here? hahahaha Waited a long time Here! Snatch Hahahahaha With her paw... again with her paw.. AND again with her paw Battles only with her paw MOVE HUH HUH Cherry: Huh? Okay Cherry: I don't play no game Waddle  Waddle Ey..  are yo crying..? Nope, I’m drinking water Precious wet cotton ball Had my meal..  and water.. Should nap There's a saying 'You’d become a cow if you sleep right after you eat' Get up Gentle gentle PD: Woah.. she does move..! Guardian: If it were other cats, they would've ran out already.. Up and down Up and down Up and down AGAIN Guardian: Don’t just go up and down, just jump.. Sigh, seriously lol.. Let’s go to a bigger stage (Cherry: I'm trying) Cherry: Butler, you rascal.. Cherry: I’ll get yo back.. The night has come BUTLERRRREOW Awakey? Guardian: Why~ (Cherry: Just cuz~) So much pressure BUTLERRRREOW Her posture looks strange for some reason Wanna hear the rest of the story of fatty cat’s butler..? To be continued in Part 2 