A dog wandering around the village But.. She's missing one leg Only relying on three legs, Wary of people and leaves.. The dog heads to the front of one house A grandmother comes out from the house But.. The dog is wary of the grandmother as well Come here, Jangsoon Let me touch you She runs away like that Never gets caught How are they related? PD : Hello, madam The white dog who was just here before Is she your dog? Grandmother : No, she just came here She's been wandering around here No one fed So I place food here so she can eat Now she never leaves here It'll be 4 years in December She's been feeding the dog for 4 years Come here, I will feed you The dog doesn't open up her mind so easily I don't know if she's scared because she thinks she'll get caught if I touch her.. and never let her go.. What's strange is As soon as the grandma leaves She follows her! The dog strolls around the grandma As the grandma can't just kick her out she feeds her and leave so that she can eat comfortably That's why the dog always watch the grandma in a distance in front of the door Have you eaten yet? But.. If the grandma approaches her the dog goes far away She would never let me touch her Even if she comes closer to me, she gets startled and runs away when I try to touch her, calling her name Come to grandma then I can apply ointment to the wound What happened to the dog..? The grandma tries to touch her As soon as she touches her tail the dog runs away Her condition's getting worse day by day She had no choice but to watch her but couldn't ignore such a poor dog in pain As I can't catch her I put medicine in the meat so she can eat and heal The grandma's sincere heart Jangsoon, eat up! for the sick dog Upon smelling the meat The dog goes to the front of the house and starts eating the meat with medicine 4 years have passed so quickly PD : Why are you looking after her? The dog I used to raise was named Jangsoon Soon after my dog passed away, she came to me She looked pretty much the same with my dog Yeah our Jangsoon was like that.. Jangsoon who was like a child to her passed away by the disease 4 years ago When the grandma was in sorrow the stray dog who looks similar to Jangsoon appeared Since that day, the grandma has been looking after her, calling her 'Jangsoon' But one day the dog returned in severe condition Since then, the dog avoided any touch from her and kept a distance with her.. I'm so worried about her She's sick and poor but she won't let me help her Can't leave her like this anymore The rescue team arrives The grandma plays an important role to rescue the dog who's very cautious Jangsoon, come here~ First off, lure her to get into the house Getting closer to the house.. But.. The dog doesn't go over the gate Change the plan Decided to rescue her, using a scoop net As if she has understood the grandma's wish the rescue of the dog went smooth than expected Good job Perhaps she realized that it would be the end of her pain.. Jangsoon! It's heartwrenching.. PD : Won't you think about her I better not Why would I miss you, huh? I've been seeing you for 4 years Unlike what she just said, the grandma is too sad to say goodbye to her.. Go get treated well All right? You have gone through so much The grandma is proud that she'd endured so well Dusik! Jangsoon is leaving 4 years ago, As if fate has led the stray dog to meet the grandma Hurriedly transferred to the hospital Check Jangsoon's condition Vet : She's in severe condition Particularly the skin disease in her face and legs is severe But I suppose the wound on her hind leg and pelvis which is something worse than a skin disease The result of the overall examination is.. Bone pieces are shown in her X-rays the end part of the broken bone is uneven The bone is broken by the huge impact on it A fracture on such part might be caused by a car accident or any of strong impacts However, as she couldn't receive proper treatment on her broken bone the infection started to develop from the broken bone to the upper part As she couldn't receive proper treatments The secondary infection has been formed already Vet : The fact that she could sustain her life and keep her health in such condition was possible thanks to the grandmother who had nursed her 4 years To prevent the secondary infection The rest part of her wounded leg is amputated After the surgery goes well Hope she can give the grandma a warm hug once again Vet : Her wounded leg, including the area where it's not infected, is amputated and the skin around the wound is stitched cleanly What I'm concerned about is that the treatment for skin disease might take some time Where there's a will, there's a way The grandmother who protected the dog by her side To reunite with the grandmother, Jangsoon will stand up again 