Village resident: His fur’s dangling… his legs are gross, too. Really gross! Village resident: There’s no fur on the lower body, but only some on the upper body Village resident: He’s ghastly to look at. He’s just scary Dongpirang village located at Tongyeong, Gyeongnam At this village, known for the great landscape and pretty mural paintings a dog with a ghastly appearance is reported to appear..?! The production crew sets out to find out the dog’s identity Searching here and there around the village, couldn’t spot any dogs Village resident: Sometimes he’s on that side and sometimes crosses over through this side, he appears and disappears Village resident: He won’t come out from under the cars Changing the plan, searching under the cars Producer: That white car, isn’t there something below it? A suspicious movement spotted under a car after a long search There’s definitely something there! Is this the same dog we’re looking for? But, rather than a dog, it looks like a big ball of string As we approach closer to confirm, the fella looks up Looking at the fella, he’s definitely a dog! At that moment, as he escapes from under the car, his awful four legs are revealed We rush right behind him, but he runs away hiding on the side of the street Like that, he disappeared from our eyes How long must have passed searching for him again… He appeared from afar Producer: Over there, there! Under the silver car, silver car… isn’t that him? Again, as expected, where we found him was under a car that’s hard to see He doesn’t budge, crouching As we approach closing the distance Gradually, his awful appearance is revealed And for the first time, our eyes locked his that looked tired and pitiful Perhaps because he sensed us he quickly leaves again! And then, all of us were shocked by his appearance! He was in the worst condition, with only a bit of ragged fur left on him Village resident: So pitiful. His skins’ been scraped off He would go crazy as it itches so much Even when a car passes by he’d scratch himself on the same spot It was severe to a point his fur would shed It seems he can’t endure it once he feels the itchiness But even then, he’s so warry he’s busy running away from people once he gets close to them Again, he crouches under, in the middle of a car and hides Village resident: Around 11 or 12p.m when people aren’t around, he comes out then Village resident: You can spot him once or twice during the day at night, this entire place is a central market.. It seems he roams around the entire place. To find food Like that, the night has come He’s reported to be more active at night when people aren’t around can’t find him under the cars where he hid during the day… A moment later Where we found him again was at the dumping ground It seems he’s been wandering around to look for food He didn’t seem to come out from under the cars during the day but, as night approached, this stray dog moves around as people went home Even late at night, he kept wandering around the streets in poor condition Next day Again, the Dongpirang village is full of tourists who came to see the great landscape and mural paintings As expected, he crawled under a car, crouched, hiding from the tourists What could be so fearful and frightening…? He runs away as soon as he senses people’s attention Tourist: Wow, so pitiful Tourist 2: His fur, what to do… Tourist: He doesn’t look like a dog… But, he was even limping his leg..! Lifting up one of his legs, he bares dodges a car Village resident: He wasn’t like that at first, but someone must’ve hurt his leg He kept lifting one of his legs Perhaps that’s why he looks restless With wary eyes, he hides under cars Despite running away from people, he hasn’t been leaving this village for a year… Village resident: There’s a reason Producer: Why? Village resident: I think his initial owner abandoned him here… Village resident: His owner must've abandoned him here because he popped out of nowhere one day Village resident: At first that dog was really pretty as if he’s gotten his fur permed… Dongpirang village has countless number of people coming by every day We heard there are residents here who witnessed a stranger dropping him from a car a year ago…! Even though he runs away from people he studies people going back and forth with his eyes carefully Perhaps he’s waiting for his owner who won’t return… It pours rain and it would have been better if he hid under a car, but for some reason, he’s out in the middle of the street In rain, his health condition looks worse Licking his injured leg he writhes in pain, not knowing what to do His condition worsens as time passes Can no longer just wait and leave him be! As soon as the rain stopped, we began the rescue work His hideout is under cars! We search under every car but, can’t spot him anywhere… At that moment Rescuer (walkie talkie): Found the dog on the path to outside Producer: They found him? Rescuer: Yes, yes Before he leaves, being wary, rescuer and vet rush to the spot he’s found Finally arrived at the spot he’s found Producer: Where? Where? Rescuer: Here, under this car Producer: Under a car? As expected, he’s hiding under a car in a deserted parking lot First things first, need to block the escaping route Wrapped around the surrounding area with a net, all around As it’s gotten busy around him while hiding as if he sensed something’s off he starts to look around him and suddenly, he tries to escape..! Dodging the net in a blink, he looks for the path to escape But, right when his body got caught in the net, a rescuer throws the scoop net at him! Producer: Caught him? Producer: Oh~ they caught him, caught him! He’s rescued successfully but is trembling his body in fear It seems he’s still frightened As it’s urgent, a basic examination is carried out Vet: He’s about 5 years old Looking at him up close, his condition was more severe than we thought How painful must he have been, the residents also feel sorry… He seems to be exhausted from all the times he endured all by himself Rushed to the hospital and began the thorough examination Vet: Anemia due to chronic starvation, regenerative anemia. And fortunately, he hasn’t contracted heartworms Although it’s fortunate he hasn’t contracted heartworms He’s entirely ill due to skin disease and enteritis The leg he’s been limping Vet: It must have been really painful, but as it’s been left unattended it’s been progressed a lot… Further operation is difficult as the leg hardened a long time ago, dislocated But, the skin disease that made his skin peel can be fully recovered..! He gets a year's worth of dirt off him first Vet: If he gets treated at the hospital for a period of time and if his nutritive condition is restored, his health will recover Recovering his nutritive condition will escalate his recovery more than anything Two days later, the production crew has visited the hospital again He looks different from before But, even with yummy food in front, he has no reaction As people give him some room he starts to eat his food As he spent a long time on the streets, he is still wary of people Vet: His dead skin peeled off a lot, so compared to then... Producer: He’s gotten better
Vet: Yes His skin’s almost fuzzy and his scar has healed much Like that, Dongpirang stray dog has begun to recover its scars Hope he forgets being abandoned and his painful past and lives being loved by someone for the rest of his dog life… 