PD : Where? Informant : Yes, up there. On top of the bridge Informant : Was crying, looking down on the ground as if asking for rescue The crying sounded like a desperate SOS Then who was crying? Informant : Over there, I can see it over there Can you see the black one / PD : Yes The one who cries on the 15-meter high bridge is a cat It's a sheer drop down below his feet.. Sticking his head out on the edge.. The kitten has been crying from a few days ago It's hard to understand how he went up there.. Informant : It's hard for a cat to access this area Because it's the inner ring road with a 4-lane expressway The inner ring expressway is right above the bridge where the kitten's stuck Kitten's location It's car driveways, not accessible without cars How come he trapped in such a dangerous place like this? The kitten disappeared in sight.. Informant : Where's the kitten? Can't find him.. PD : Can you find the kitten?
AD : No, I can't!
Informant : Can only hear the crying Informant : I can hear a mere sound of him But can't find where the kitten is The kitten used to cry out loud.. But it's become smaller perhaps he's exhausted.. The kitten has been starved and cried in cold for 48 hours Hurriedly throw a plastic bag with food inside Ah.. Not even close At that moment! The crying gets louder Informant : The black one over there Looking down on the ground As if waiting for rescue, the kitten desperately shouts out at people And then, the kitten disappears again Informant : Can you hear the kitten? Man : Nope, I can't / You can't? The crying stopped at some point Is there any way to check the kitten's condition? Found a ladder installed the bridge pier which is an emergency route that connects the bridge pier to the inner ring road Heads to where the latter is, driving through the inner circle road PD : Uh, the door's closed It's an entrance of a route connected to the bridge pier PD : Hello? Oh, hi
I'm calling from SBS TV Animal Farm Called the bridge pier management team and asked for cooperation Soon later, the door opens A steep ladder led to the bridge pier in one way A wire mesh floor which seems hard for the kitten to step on The bridge pier with high height without any safety device installed to prevent fall hazards Where the kitten has gone? AD : I just heard the kitten crying
PD : You can hear it, right? / Yes The crying gets louder.. The crying gets louder though.. Perhaps due to wariness, the kitten must be hidden in somewhere inside the complex structure Place food and water near where the crying sound comes from and wait for the kitten A black kitten carefully comes out from the corner Seems like his limping right leg is in critical condition What happened to this little baby kitten? Can't leave him in such a dangerous place anymore Next day As soon as the day comes, the rescue with Animal Protection organization has begun The kitten can't stand on a wire mesh properly Starving even for a few days severely harms a kitten in an early age So the kitten must be rescued immediately The kitten wanders around, trying to find the exit that wouldn't be found Although having no clue of where and how to go out, The kitten struggles to survive How long this little kitten can survive? The kitten suddenly sticks his head out PD : Oh noooooooo!! Oh no!! You might fall down!! The rescue team rushes due to the kitten unexpected actions Install a trap net around the bridge pier and the crane's arrived As the crane gets closer to him, his condition's getting worse..? He looks so weak though.. Instead of avoiding, the kitten stays still, looking front PD : It's okay, kitty~ Safely rescued the kitten How's the kitten condition? Rescue team : I guess the kitten's totally worn out.. Very exhausted Hurriedly transferred to the hospital and check his condition Vet : He has sunken eyes due to lack of food consumption The kitten's about 3 months old He's very skinny that he only weighs 70-80% of the average Looks like he had a fracture on his bones for a week at least The fracture must not be caused by a car accident The broken bone is sticking out Perhaps he might have fallen down from the high place when his weight was concentrated in one leg and break his leg One more strange thing is.. There might be damage to his nerves when the bone fracture occurred His moves his body sluggishly.. Shows no response to something even though it's moving in front of him Doesn't respond to the laser light at all Vet : When falling down, his head might have got bruised and hematoma was created inside his head, which might be pressing his nerves His nerves in the brain are likely to be damaged due to a strong impact on his head Vet : The kitten responds differently from an average kittens When he was rescued, his sight was poor and had abnormal reflexes Acting absurdly He must be having a cranial nerve disorder What happened to this little kitten who's only 3 months old..? Where the kitten was found How come the kitten got trapped on the bridge pier where it's difficult to access Examine the structure of the bridge pier with a facility manager Including the top of the bridge pier which is the bottom part of the inner ring road and the inner part of the bridge pier connected to the entrance route to the road Couldn't find any hole the kitten could go through And then! Staff : Ah, here it is
PD : Is there a gap? Found a hole of the drainage pipe Look inside with the micro camera There is the way out to the inner ring road Check on the road Staff : During winter, the holes get wider but gets smaller in summer. Now it's wide enough because it's winter The width of the hole is about 6 centimeters Is it possible for a 3-month-old kitten to get inside of it? Vet : it's possible once the kitten puts his head inside The kitten must have been frightened because of the cars passing above He must have been struggled to go inside of it Not sure about what led him to this place But the kitten must have struggled to get inside the hole to find the place to hide The kitten must have had nothing to do much after falling from the road to the drainage While he was trying to find other places, he must have jumped to this wide space It's 3 meter high from the drainage entrance and the bottom of the bride pier If he was fallen to the concrete and steel floor.. The impact on him must have been strong The kitten has struggled alone with his broken leg and damaged brain nerves.. The kitten endured a tough time and loneliness alone Vet : We should elp him building up energy first After he gains strength, he'll go through medical check ups and have surgery to fix his broken leg Hope he encounters a miracle again as he's survived like a miracle 