That night when the cats came out for a night stroll Kitten attacked by wild dogs Village resident: There were lots of cats But surely the number decreased Due to wild dogs’ attacks Village’s cats lost their lives (Location where the kitten died) Momma cat that lost her kittens to the wild dogs She seemed to find it unbearable After her kittens died She seemed like she didn’t want to come out so we relocated inside (the factory) Worried she’ll lose her other only kitten alive Momma cat and kitten hid themselves Until now using the night as their weapon, a pack of wild dogs has been hunting the cats And countless nights they had to tremble in fear.. So that there won’t be any more pitiful deaths Wild dogs rescue has begun..! Completed setting up a capture frame where they appear often A moment later Rescue team: She came! A yellow-furred dog came!! Yellow-furred dog appeared alone Kept her guards up for a while, then, she goes in..! (Clank) Yellow-furred dog rescued first Production crew: It’s okay Woof! Woof! (Whimpers...) Approahces her carefully (Demure) Korean Animal Welfare Association (KAWA): Seems she’s not as wild as I thought she to be? / Oh, really? Usually, they’d be defensive or be wary, but she’s still (Demure) What kind of life has she lived..? Park Soon-Seok | Park Soon Seok Animal Medical Center: She’s covered with mites, huh Detailed examination results She’s assumed to be about a year or two old and since she’s young (fortunately) there aren’t any results showing positive for heartworms I think she is a second-generation stray dog born in a field or the mountains Perhaps from birth she had to accept the tragic life Someone who loves dogs can definitely manage her She will probably have the already habitual hunting instincts for cats and small animals for a while So then rather than a family who’s raising a cat or a small dog (it’d be better for a family who can take care of her to adopt her) to raise only her Can definitely become a loved companion dog..! After the yellow-furred dog was rescued The wild dogs weren’t seen any longer If this is their domain, whether they’re taking a break from hunting or whatever, in a day or two should show up repeatedly but, they aren’t showing up right now The fellas who’ve become a group rely on and protect each other and increase their territory Since we need to keep a watch right now since they’re not coming every day We’ll keep an eye and if they appear again, we’ll contact you To survive, having to kill others every night hope the tragic life of wild dogs will be put to stop... Hope there won’t be any other tragic deaths Become a family to the rescued cats Kritter Klub (82 nation number) 02) 2113-3868 