You know the saying about weirdos in soicety If you don't have any weirdos around ya, That means.. You're the weirdo! Did ya call me!!! I'm the crazy camel around here
Sarang Sarang.. you are here..? Hey Sarang. Don't go there (Never listens to anyone lol) Sarang the villian
   Looting Taking what the other's eating The dirtiest thang.. I'm not TAKING things They offered ... Cheon Sang-Pill Keeper
Sarang is quite dictatorial when it comes to food She takes EVERYTHING Go drink some more milk buddy Boo-hoo :'( Who's messin' with ma babe!! Is dat you! Imma getcha! REVENGE Ya know! Imma! Escaped Sarang!! Sarang being villain again
 Getaway If she's conered (Switching direction) Thud! Fearless fella.. Bump!! Embarrassment wins over pain Bawling! Yo, shush up.. The Second run while getting captured Chaos Sarang you.. bring your mom over Eventually, Sarang's mom is called Sarang's mom
Naengbari Did yo mommy teach you this way! Hurries Sarang being villian, again, AGAIN
Playing weak before the strong The most obedient girl, in front of her mom Among the other baby camels, Sarang was born first, the biggest the quickest, smartest, as well as the most mischievous The peace, Sarang's mom brought doesn't last long Is mommy.. gone..? And.. Again..!! Good-bye everybody~ I'll lift off all the bonds Where Sarang's headed to is, a horse stable Sarang sings loudly Just shush.. It's dang noisy.. Meotul, the heavyweight in this household, appears Hey buddy, can we chat in that room? What kinda chat.. When I was your age.. Ignores OK Boomer~ Hey bud? Ahem..tut I'm talking to ya!! You're being so disrespectful!! Sarang, middle of buffering She's worse werido than I am.. Sarang, whatchu doing here? Ey, It's not meee!! :'( It's obviously Sarang who's done it.. Grin This is so not fairfkldsfjse@#$%/ Go, back home (What's wrong with her..) Noooflkefkl&^$ I didn't do anything!! Smash on the buttocks She's gotten away a hundred times and got accused once FALSELY Can't Stand it!!! Fast & Furious Rushing towards a camel, that a man is riding Hey, SARANG EMERGENCY -To be continued in Part 2- 