Guardian: Harry, have you eaten? Harry, did you eat? Harry used to be a stray dog who wandered around in this village Harry is curled up in this little house, all scared.. Anytime she sees a person, she'd froze like this Guardian: Harry Even when her name is called, she'd be scared Guardian: She wouldn't come out, never! Production crew: Not at all? 
Guadian: No, she stays like that in the room all day She doesn't do anything but stays in her room curled up in the corner... Guardian: Harry~ Eat! The guardian gives out jerky, yet she shows no reaction Production crew: Dogs should eat it right away
Guardian:  I know, right away! Guardian: Harry~ eat some~ Harry refuses it Production crew: She refuses it
Guadian: How am I meant to take care of her and heal her hurt feelings... It's been a year taking Harry as a family yet, Harry still hasn't opened her mind to the guardian A moment later The guardian cooked chicken soup A special treat for Harry Guardian: Harry ~ come and try this, will you? Harry shows no reaction.. Leaving the food there, we gave her some space We hope she'd eat some when no one's around... We set up a camera and left the scene Guardian: Sigh... She wouldn't eat meat even... Though there is no one around, she still doesn't show any reaction After some time.. She goes towards the food, yet her posture is awkward Guardian: She doesn't come out completely... Now, she can eat comfortably... we thought Yet, she's startled by another dog barking and went back to her house. She stayed there for a few hours, even after it turned dark... Pitiful... The next day Guardian: What is my Harry doing~ Harry~ oh, you're so adorable She's still in her room Guardian: It's such a nice day today, so I want to take her out for fresh air... Guardian: Let's go out and hang out with friends, Harry, let's go! This is the only way to get her move Guardian: Harry, come on. Let's go However, she stands against the guardian Guardian: Let's go with mommy Harry! With mommy! Perhaps, she felt mommy's desperate mind, Harry started moving Guardian: It's mommy! Let's go out Harry~ Then! Unexpectedly, Harry follows out mommy Guardian: Good girl, good girl However, he hides behind the door Where Harry finds away from her house is cornered areas, further away from people Harry is restless as there is no hiding spot... In the end, she went back to her house She's stuck in her room, frozen What's making her so scared.. Production crew: She's in the corner again...
Guardian: Yes, always It's difficult to read Harry's mind What's happened to her that made her so terrified of people? A year ago, she was spotted on the street looking anxious. It seemed like she's escaped from somewhere A year has passed... and the scar still hasn't healed Guardian: Look at this.. Hair isn't growing here. Look all these scars... Guardian: No wonder she doesn't trust people Perhaps, the person who hurt Harry looks like the guardian?
A complete strange approached, and... Production crew: Harry, it's okay. Don't be scared There is nowhere to hide, she'd still try to be further away from people She looks the other way, avoiding eye contact Child: Harry, come out~ Is there any way to heal her? Vet: Hello The vet is trying to relax her, yet she's already tense even before the vet touches her Vet: Let me have a look Vet: I'm sorry. This doesn't hurt Vet: Her heart is beating fast. It seems like she's calm but she's very scared, her heart is beating very fast Vet: She can't even look at me or bark and run away... she's just holding it in Fortunately, there was no problem with her health What's left is to take her out of her room and help her to come out into the world Vet: This black house is very firm. This gives her comfort mentally, but also it provides a stronger wall from the outside world. I think it's right to remove this house first Production crew stepped in to help Harry, too Vet: It's okay. Slowly Moving her by holding her rather than on a leash makes her feel more comfortable At that time! Vet: It's okay. Don't worry. It's okay as she's outside of the house, she looks very anxious Guardian: Harry, let's go~ 
Vet: Don't pull her, take it slow. Just give her the direction so she can walk slowly on her own She's too anxious, she peed herself... Vet: It's okay, one step... here we are! She stepped on the blanket! Guardian: That's right!! Well done~ The guardian kept her company always so that Harry wouldn't feel lonely Guardian: Harry, look here. Oh, pretty. She doesn't get startled when people try to touch her now... She used to flinch when approached by someone. Not anymore I'm going to be here with her whenever I have free time. I'll be by her side and be her friend. I'll make her a bright little girl Now, Harry can look at the guardian Now, we see hope Guardian: Harry, do you want this? Harry eats the jerky!! We're so proud of her Guardian: You're eating well~~ Now she eats well, oh my she asks for it she smelt it Guardian: You want it? Harry want it? Is Harry opening up her mind to the guardian? Harry isolated herself from people due to the painful memory of being abandoned We don't know when it will be fully healed, but the guardian is giving her a lot of love and affection Just like Harry, there are a lot of abandoned dogs living with painful memories they who once were loved by their family... We hope there are no more nameless abandoned dogs in the world... 