At a peaceful and quiet town Stray cats are hanging out Informant’s security camera shows that an uninvited cat has suddenly showed up Senior cat of the village and an uninvited visitor-meow This is our area!! Fluff off! Informant: I have noticed that there is a cat that is not from around I was wondering what’s going on In a moment (Came back-meow) (Wary Wary) After checking no one’s nearby (Wolfing down)
The cat fills up empty stomach Papa guardian: Oh? I think this is the one…
Honey, look at this!! Mama guardian: Yes, he’s our Soonsu! Are you sure? / Yes! Looking similar… (Soonsu) (Speculated to be Soonsu) Cat roaming around the streets and a couple claiming he’s the cat lost a month ago (Meh…?) Soonsu’s guardian / It’s been around 3-4 weeks. Guardian found a better-suited person who wanted to raise Soonsu so soonsu had met a new family However… on the first day, Soonsu escaped from the new guardian's house From then on, they’ve been looking everywhere by asking everyone TwT Production crew: I think he’s nearby somewhere? Yes, that’s right, nearby...I don’t think he would’ve gone far. (+His favs, chicken breasts) Holding onto the hope that they’ll reunite with Soonsu… Leaving behind snacks at the spot where the cat appears the most Soonsu! While asking around at the place where Soonsu was spotted… Papa guardian: Oh? Soonsu!! It’s Soonsu!! / He’s Soonsu! However Soonsu Dashes Soonsu! At papa’s call… he runs farther away… Not knowing how desperate papa is looking for Soonsu Soonsu hid well Soonsu’s guardian / He’s hidden beneath the wall here Hid? / Yes, beneath here! This ain’t a hide and seek game... (Wut’s goin’ on…) Let’s go home! Soonsu: wait, am grooming Soonsu!  C’mere! Soonsu: I’m going… No, I changed ma mind... Town’s resident : At first, when starting a convo asking, “Where are ya from?” Then when saying, “Come in, come in…” And when I try to touch him, he escapes.  Tries best not to get caught. (Excuse-meow) Just a catto stopping by I’m gonna take a rest a bit-meow Soonsu stopping by neighbor’s yard as if it’s his own Town resident: You came? Hehehe (Then have fun) As he’s super vigilant,  he never lets anyone come near… However, Soonsu’s papa is different Soonsu: Wut? Wut is it? (<-Ace up his sleeve) Papa guardian:  Soonsu loves catching moving things Papa just threw a bait… And Soonsu will gr..a..b.. Soonsu: No way, José! Wanna come here? Soonsu is not easy to catch Papa guardian : I’m grateful that he’s even alive… How should I catch him though? Sigh… Looks like he can be caught but he is still out of reach Soonsu: How you gonna catch me? To be continued in Part 2... 