Owner: I can’t say we don’t raise him nor that he’s not our dog. He is our dog, but I think we’ve only seen him about 5 times in 8 years? Producer: 8 years? 
Owner: Yes Resident: Can you believe it’s been 8 years? We can't. Anyway, we’ve never seen him once. Resident 2: I’m sure there’s nothing there Producer: Is it hard to see him?
Owner: You can’t, at all. A situation where no one can believe a dog is there But! The owner says there definitely is a dog here… Owner: There’s a hole over there. Here, here, do you see? Producer: This hole?
Owner: Right Can’t believe a dog lives in such a place… Owner: I looked inside a few times, but you can’t see anything. It’s dark inside. To check, the crew flash light inside the hole It’s a narrow entrance that’s no bigger than a size of a palm it seems to be a bit tight for a grown-up dog to get in Producer: Are you sure, the dog’s in there? Owner: If you look at the entrance, there’s dog fur. He must have been going in and out of this hole Producer: Dog fur?
Owner: Yes. There’s dog fur stuck around. Yellowish dog fur stuck along the entrance… and Owner: Do you see the bones? Bones from food spread all over the ground Not only that, Producer: Huh? There are pawprints here Clear pawprints clearly printed on the now, even tracks of pawprints headed towards the container hole… There are definitely traces of him here and there But, not even the family has seen him properly Raising him for 8 years, seeing the back of him running away desperately a few times has been all! It was a tiny dog. Heard it’s a Balbari dog, brownish And as far as I recall, he had defined features, but I can’t remember clearly I miss him. I wonder how much he grew. Him who has never shown his face to his owners for 8 years, his name is Pandol With observation cam, the crew confirms Pandol’s presence Like that, a day passes by… 2 A.M when the entire town’s asleep, twinkling eyes deep inside the dark hole! Oh, her came out, came out! He came out of the hole, late at night when there’s no one… Moving speedily… he won’t let down his guard for a second Like that, after he has disappeared to somewhere, he appeared again With a plastic bag in his mouth… quickly burrows into the tiny hole Soon after he peeks out from the hole, after he looks around the surroundings hides inside the hole… Oh my oh my, he took it, can’t believe it Pandol, Pandol!! Producer: Is it Pandol? Owner: Yes, it is it is. I remember his face. Seeing him like this, it’s definitely Pandol Living 8 years like that (feeding on leftover trash)... Ugh… I’m tearing up. Oh my, what to do… For 8 years he probably wasn’t able to eat nor sleep well. Why did Pandol go in hiding into such cold ground… 8 years ago, not long after he was born, baby Pandol came to the owner lady’s house… But then, the moment they let him down for a second. Roaming around the big yard here and there… went inside the hole in a blink Pandol. You can’t go inside there. You shouldn’t go inside there Feeling desperate, they tried to take him out, but… they couldn’t see any traces of him When he ran away like that, at first we all thought he died. Really. I came down late at night and he was out here. When I called him ‘Pandol’ he glanced and ran away It seemed he's scared of people from that incident in the past Pandol hid into the deep dark space under a big container box where people cannot reach Not seeing the warm sunlight once, it’s already been 8 years since he has lived hidden inside the dark, messy hole Cannot delay the rescue any longer Vet looks inside the space where Pandol hid Vet: He hid inside but as they stimulated him from the outside, scaring him he had no choice but to hide deeper inside. If we fail, the fella who’s very wary might never come back out again Inserting endoscopy camera through a gap to locate where Pandol is but, due to obstacles blocking, it’s difficult to see the interior… Where could have he gone..? But at that moment, it’s faint but spotted twinkling eyes in the dark. Pandol has appeared But, perhaps he sensed something’s wrong begins to run like an arrow The dog came out, came out! Going this way! Going this way! Going this way! Block it! Block it! Block it! As soon as he escapes the alley, the opposite entrance and the hole are blocked The crew runs towards where Pandol ran towards but, cannot spot him anywhere Right then, Owner: Pandol, Pandol, Pandol! Pandol has appeared! He’s over there, there, block it block it block it He came back towards the hole in the container As the hole has been blocked and he’s trapped all four sides, he’s restless Inserting capturing net as cautiously as possible so he wouldn’t be startled, rescued successfully Like that, 8 years of secluded life has ended Ah caught him, caught him So bony. He’s so so bony Owner: Oh no, Pandol. Oh look, he’s intimidated Everything is so strange to him Is his health alright? Pandol is frozen as he’s frightened But, something was found in Pandol’s eye Vet: This is an eye-worm. Simply, it’s a worm that lives inside the eyes To say he has an eye-worm means the environment was just as poor Carefully, removing the eye-worms from both eyes Fortunately, considering he was living in a poor environment, he doesn’t have any other health issues Pandol’s first time taking the dirt off his body in 8 years Owner: He’s our Pandol? So clean. Pandol! So cute~ Vet: Pandol’s health, unlike how we were concerned, according to the examinations everything came out normal. The most worrisome heartworms came out as negative I’m so relieved. We were so worried. It’s so fortunate. I’m the gladdest to hear he doesn’t have any health issues Let’s forget the dark past and hope you’ll live in the warm arms of the family… 