Wooju~ Wooju! This is my dog Wooju In order for him to eat, my wife and I have to put on a show for 20,30 mins Production crew: Oh, really? /Yes He is a trouble only when it comes to eating Wooju, hey, Wooju what is this? Wooju yum yum! Wooju steps back when the owner puts the food under his nose He even runs away from the food and go on to the owner’s knee Despite desperate begging for him to eat, Wooju is busy running away from it They demonstrate how you eat it He seems interested but will not touch the food at all Production crew: Are you eating dog food for this? lol
Honestly, I have tried everything. He won’t eat I’ve given him expensive high quality food too. He never eats Last resort, what if we mix some meat with dog food..? [Temptation is real] We expected him to pick up some meat.. yet the food is still left untouched No meat… no high quality food.. What does Wooju eat? There is one way we can make him eat Production crew: What is it? / Shall we? Meal time! let’s go Wooju~ Yet… the guardians sit down instead of going to get the food We have to get prepared for this, we need tools and everything. It’s like getting ready for a match Now, can we see you eat..? Production crew: Oh what is this? Toys This is a must item to get him to eat Why do you need toys when eating? Yet! Wooju’s changed 180 degrees and starts jumping around as he sees the toy Sit, sit, sit, sit, wait, wait, wait, wait Out of the blue, the guardians start playing with the ball Playing with the ball..? What are these guys doing? When we are having difficulty comprehending the situation Husband signals his wife and tosses the ball on the side with the food The owner snatched the ball next to the food, and Wooju started eating No way, is this the only way to feed him lol So if he eats when he’s playing with the ball why don’t we use this ball that drops food when played? Wooju likes the new toy and plays with it The food popped out but he doesn’t eat and keep on playing Seeing his pattern before, he should eat the food Maybe he’s lost appetite already, he ignores the food. This guys is unpredictable The guardians start playing with the ball again lol They play with the ball and smoothly make him look at the food bowl, then voila! The bowl is finally empty after putting 30 minutes endeavour How difficult it is to feed this dog Production crew: Do you always feed him like this?
Yes, always Everyday?
Breakfast and dinner They had to because they couldn’t starve him. what’s more surprising is It also only works with a brand new toy What do you mean? It has to be a new toy. Just opened from a box, then he’ll react like this If it’s an old toy, he won’t eat even after the play time So even though it’s the same toy, it doesn’t work unless it’s brand new.. How is that possible? He seems interested, but he only watches them playing Is he not eating because it’s not a new toy? Yes Completely different reaction only because it’s not new… it is hard to believe what we saw He even leaves the spot Guardian leads us to the garage saying he wants to show us something From the garage, she brings out a toy box! Production crew: Wow, are these all new? /Yes But there are so many here too..? These are used ones, when he eats his food A boxful of used toys are left after being opened for his meal time Owners are going crazy for doing this twice a day for a year They have been doing this for Wooju but now the owners are tired too An expert is here to change and improve Wooju’s eating habit Wishing the end of this meal time war, the owners start playing again Like a pro, they have succeeded to lure him into eating The expert bursts out laughing seeing the scene Expert: Honestly, I shouldn’t have laughed. This is serious The problem is that the mom and the dad had trained him into eating this way For him, he had been trained to eat just like this So.. for some reason Wooju wasn’t eating and to help him the owners played with toys and now Wooju has been trained that he can only eat after the play Wooju had been waiting for the owners to play with him with the ball even though he’s hungry In order to make him eat you have to eliminate all the patterns, these rules. Opening a new toy = meal time. This equation needs to be broken, so the toys have to be gone It is the first and foremost to find joy in eating! Starting with a simple training Place food on one’s palm, and if he eats the food, compensate with a snack It’s not about the amount, he used to eat after 30,4o minutes of play time Now we are changing that pattern into something different, something new Wooju can get out of the habit of eating after play Fortunately, Wooju shows interest in the food on the palm Yet, Wooju doesn’t know the equation that he can have snacks after he eats the food. He spits out the food We have to wait until Wooju learns this himself After some time  ... Wooju started eating food by himself Now he knows that he gets snacks afterwards, he eats very well lol Production crew: He finished it I’m shocked/He’s never eaten out of your hand? / Never, barely ever Thank you so so much, sir, thank you. 
I was worried sick, I really appreciate it. Dreamy moments that the owners have wished for Well done Wooju~ Great job! We love you Wooju~ Let’s live long and healthy life! 