“I…” “...lost my family who was right in front of me…” A nightmarish tragedy faced by a kitten… Resident: (One day) two kittens were found dead (The remaining one) has been rescued and I’m currently fostering the kitten. Resident: The cats are dying at our apartment… Production crew: Dying, you say? / Yes, yes… (At first), I thought, “Had the cats been in a fight?” But when I saw the corpses, they were in severe conditions... The gruesome serial cat murder case Occurring at an apartment complex, (7 dead cats found) Who in the world 
is attacking the cats endlessly? Is it abuse caused by humans? No, it’s not done by humans. I witnessed the wild dogs attacking them myself. At 2 A.M. the sound of dogs barking was so strange I ran outside. Then I saw the wild dogs packed in a group attacking the cats. From a certain point, pack of wild dogs appeared at the apartment complex (Damaged cat house)
Then started to attack the cats (After scaring the wild dogs off), I came back to check on the cat, and seemed like it couldn’t breathe. So I rushed to the hospital at 2 A.M...But when I arrived, it was already... Done CPR for around 20 minutes, then it became one of the stars in the sky… Even from the resident’s rescue, the cat lost its life… Head of apartment management: The first complaint was heard at 1 A.M. Pack of 6-7 wild dogs attacked the cat and buried it beneath a car. So we’ve judged that even people might be in danger...It’s already been 3 months since I reported it. For up to 3 months, pack of wild dogs’ brutal crimes left everyone trembling in fear. Usually, they are active late at night or at dawn If we want to capture them, we need to find out their hideout! Resident: If you see here, there’s some kind of path from the guardrail… I saw (pack of wild dogs) here a few times. Beneath the guardrail, he had spotted the pack of wild dogs Dizzy cliff that seems to be 10 stories high ->Pack of wild dogs gathered on top of the cliff Risky spot Is this their hideout…? (Food) Momentarily, Showed up! Looking around Being wary of their surroundings, they fill up their empty stomachs… However, aside from continuous observation Other dogs besides the two seems to not show up Resident: I saw other dogs heading out. Dunno (for what reason), but (the two dogs) remains roaming around here. To stop the cruel hunting of cats, rescue begins! (Completed installation of cages) Time passes… Slides (They came! Came!!!) The fellas show up when it’s late at night When they head inside the capturing cage…  Right now!! (Cage shuts) However… The dogs escaped the capturing cage... Rescue team: Oh... Is this a fail like this... Next day Caught one!! OH???!! To be continued in Part 2... 