Hiya, I'm Dalbong I'm the cutest and youngest child in this house He seems gentle However Mom: He is gentle like sheep Dad: The whole family is at war. A war PD:  Oh, a war? 
Dad: Yes Now we see he seems restless and keeps staring at somewhere Mom: your mind is somewhere else now? huh? You want to go so badly, your mind is already there? As soon as she's done Dalbong runs toward somewhere Out of the blue, he barks hard at the other house's door Seeing that there is a dog too We can see these guys don't get along The whole family is engaged and get them to stop Yet, the owner walks into the door Apparently, they are family Dukgo~~~ He is so lovely and calm Dukgo, paw He has a calm and gentle personality How come they have become the nemesis In fact, Dukgo was raised in the neighboring highschool For an inevitable reason, he suddenly had nowhere to go Hearing this news, the daughter (guardian) brought the dogs into the house He is originally so gentle. I have never seen him bark until I brought him here When she was bringing Dukgo to the house She never expected the conflict between the two They are separated into two different space But they fight violently if there are chances to The family is walking on the thin ice every day The guardian had hurt herself breaking them up I put my hand in Dukgo’s mouth. I thought Dalbong could be killed so I was trying to help. I got hurt. Not only the daughter but Dalbng also was injured severely and had undergone surgery. This is a serious problem Dukgo, I’ll come back soon Oh, are you locking it agian? Yes, when they first fought Dalbong snuck into it through the gap. It was a disaster Even though the guardians keep them separate Dalbong is not finding peace easily He barks as if he is going to run to him The guardian holds him and takes him home However He is not calming down Dalbong whimpers as if he is not done yet He is still upset He’s upset because we are stopping him when he’s not done Dukgo spends quality time with his owner in the lawn His cold face… he must have noticed that Dukgo is here Hearing outside Dalbong raises his guards up Where are you!!! Dukgo, come out!! When Dukgo passes Fight restarted He barks at him like Dukgo’s his nemesis He is ready to jump Seeing Dalbong being aggressive Dukgo reacts aggressively too Poor car.. scratches all over Hey!! No!! No barking They are far from each other, what is the problem? Dukgo is brought back to the garage But… Dukgo doesn’t want to go in He hesitates at the door but goes into the garage at the end The owner feels sorry for him The problem is .. even though Dukgo is not on his sight Dalbong is restless He monitors all day in case Dukgo shows up Dalbong had spend his energy early in the morning so the owner gave him food I don’t feel like eating.. However This goes to Dukgo then Dalbong gulps down the food lol Never.. to him… Meanwhile.. Dukgo stares at outside TwT Leaving this kind boy alone family feel sorry for him That afternoon Dlabong gets ready for a walk He goes for a walk in the morning and night, for two hours each time They go for a walk separately and never in the same route I want to go for a walk with my dad, or both Dalbong and Dukgo. I really wish that to happen Yet... They have encountered in the mid-point Dalbong gets upset again seeing Dukgo on the bridge How could you hate him that much Because of Dalbong we should just go. Jeez
We’re just leaving. Dukgo’s leaving Dukgo left avoiding Dalbong Why is Dalbong like this? Help us out, director~ Lee Chang Jong/Director/Animal behaviourist 
I like his style As he speaks Dalbong runs to Dukgo As director tries to stop him he tries to bite the director Lee Chang Jong/Director/Animal behaviorist 
Someone’s trying to grab him and stop him, then he bites unconsciously. He changes his target to human If this goes on, he can be violent to people He is in need of training Did something unusual or big happen before? A car accident, once
A car accident? When he was 6 months old Ever since the car accident Dalbong is scared to be in a place that is not his house and thus the family couldn’t even go traveling After the accident, he is afraid of being outside his house and being alone But, how does that relate to his violent attitude against Dukgo? He is going to spend all his time and energy 
into keeping his space safe no matter what Dalbong deemed his house as his safe space. Dukgo’s sudden appearance may have been seen as an intruder’s for Dalbong What have stimulated this is the guardians Dalbong see you coming to Dukgo with him he must have thought ‘She’s on my side, I’ll bark at him’ Whenever there is conflict beteen the two Dalbong thought the guardian came to defend him hugging him whilst breaking them up must have given him false confidence Guardians should go first. Make him follow you from behind Guardian must lead Dalbong Slowly~ tell him not to walk before you After repeated training guardian let the leash go Dalbong froze Well done Dalbong~ good job Next step Even before the entry, Dalbong and Dukgo started barking Carefully entering Dukgo has no intention to fight with Dalbong But Dalbong is acting very aggressive
Dukgo is just being defensive You are looking at Dukgo That means ‘Dalbong, that’s the target’ so don’t look at him Not giving Dukgo a look make Dalbong walk around Dukgo Dalbong will loose his guard and feel less anxious of being with Dukgo After repeated training even though Dukgo is right in front of him Dalbong stays calm They look at each other, NOT BARKING! Taking this chance to make the guardian’s wish come true taking a walk with both of them Is this real?? They walk together side to side Even the neighbors are shocked to see them changed After the walk, at home Dalbong and Dukgo are being friendly No more fighting you guys and become best friends forever!! 