Because the cat’s body is unbalanced, he looks as if he’s crawling… Everything that’s covered here is expected for demolition. The team who’s helping in rescuing is...
Animal Rights Group ‘LIFE’ CEO of ‘LIFE’, Shim In-Seop: It’s this friend right here. CEO of ‘LIFE’, Shim In-Seop: The foreleg on the right side is completely bent. Reported picture of the cat walking Since his foreleg is bent right now CEO of ‘LIFE’, Shim In-Seo: His body is unbalanced so he looks like he’s ‘crawling’. Town resident: He’s unable to stretch his leg and keeps walking like this While grasping the situation… Oh?! Production crew: Must be him.. They’ve spotted a similar cat
as shown on the reported photo Thought he’s eating, but… Wary    Wary Oh my… :’( Hurriedly escapes the spot Crew: He’s heading in there Resident who’s been feeding him: Doesn’t even come close. He’s extremely vigilant. Crew: Do you have a name you call him by? I just call him ‘Kkami’ since his fur is dark in color. Kkami! The place Kkami has hidden is…  Demolition zone Crew: What do I need to do to get in here? Town resident: You can’t Crew: Is this place all blocked?  Yes Access. Restricted. Area. Animal Rights Group ‘LIFE’: He’s lying down there.  Wut? Thru the small hole of the screen Discovered Kkami Slowly with the observation camera  ...and busted;; Wondering where he’s heading with an injured body… Limps     Limps Struggles to step one by one… Kkami begging for food Resident who knew Kkami for a long time:
I think it’s been around 7 years since I saw him. Crew: 7 years, you said?  Yes Crew: Was he injured like this 7 years ago as well?  Yes, all four feet were like this. Resident who knew Kkami for a long time:
I tried to bring a capturing cage and put food inside. But he doesn’t seem to go in. I think it’s ‘cause he was captured when he was neutered… Seeing him now… Kkami has a small cut on his left ear Cutting tip of ear: For trap-neuter-return (TNR) work to check on the stray cats Even for a person whom Kkami saw for 7 years… Comes to this point. Crew: And if you try putting your hand on him there…? Sur.paw.rised. Crew: He gets so startled by it. Even if I try catching him with my hands, he manages to escape when his feet are like that. Crew: Then you don’t know whether he got hurt while passing by or not..? I’m not sure about that either. From what I heard, some people said he was like that from the beginning And other says a car went past his feet… Don’t know the cause, but… Kkami had struggled to endure those 7 years. Will he be able to get rescued? Next day Enters the demolition area after approval Noise of glass shattering (Kkami, where are ya?) Where Kkami was resting-> CEO of ‘LIFE’, Shim In-Seop: The sun is so bright and the weather is hot, so I think he hid inside a building somewhere. 88°F                         95°F   
Current temp.     But feels like He isn’t visible at the site, but... I think it’s best to install the capturing cage right now when he isn’t seen. A resident who knew him for 7 years: But he doesn’t seem to go in (the cage). I think it’s ‘cause he was captured when he was neutered… What shall we do about Kkami? Shim In-Seop, the top in rescues:There’s a capturing cage that reduces the burden of space. It’s ‘cause I used that kind of method when rescuing a cat with stripped skin. When it’s difficult to use a normal cage, this kind of cage can be a solution to the problem. However! Oh! Oh! Boss! Showed up at his habitat Crew: Oh...He showed up at this timing… (I have 7 years experience-meow) Withdraw.For.Now. CEO of ‘LIFE’, Shim In-Seop: Was going to install the cage, but this friend came here early. I think we need to change the cage location from the place he rests to the place he usually eats. Before Kkami comes out… Hurries up on D.I.Y. capturing cage After considering many factors, Completed setting up! Hurry and come...It’s hot out.. Questionable whether Kkami will hurry up and come out.... Meow! Kkami Appears Soo-Jung, get ready to close the cage. Yes, sir One step...after another… A bit more!! Staring at the front line (Something’s fishy-meow) Kkami who’s a pro in reading the room…
Will the rescue be possible?! To be continued in Part 2... 