On top of the risky bridge pier “I mean, there’s no way up, but I wonder how she got up there..” A tiny movement captured in the darkness On top of the dangerous bridge pier where cars are racing by 24/7 What is happening..? We met the informant Informant: The cat meows and just cries asking to rescue her The informant says she saw the cat in the gap that bridges the bridge piers Kitty~ kitty!\ Calls her desperately but, No signs of noise from the bridge Peeks out (her head) there and goes back in She would peek out repeatedly, meows, and goes back in *A footage taken by the informant A cat standing dangerously at a precipitous height as if about to fall Prodcution crew: Can you spot her? Informant: I can’t I mean I can’t… feed her or do anything for her it’s making me feel so sad For a week already, the cat has been staying in the gap between the bridge piers As there’s nothing we can do below We decide to check up on the bridge… As it’s a road that has cars racing by endlessly We’ve alerted that it’s an emergency Then we stop our cars on the wings of the road and attempt an approach Inside the train under the road joint where the cat is reported to be located For the fella who might be hiding due to being wary We decided to place food and wait A moment later She has appeared..! How hungry must she have been... Even while reading the room Fills up her stomach hurriedly Below is a cliff higher than 10M Above is a road where cars chase!! If this fella came in by herself then Wouldn’t there be a way to escape from it? Seoul Metropolitan Facilities Management Corporation employee: There’s no way out. If you look then there’s a slight slope Since it was constructed to naturally drain the water Unless it falls from there to the ground.. (there’s no way out) Although we can’t figure out how exactly she ended up there As we have confirmed her location We cannot delay the rescue any longer! As much as it’s practically impossible to rescue on the road that has a lot of traffic Decided to move to the bridge pier on a ladder truck, then Set up a capture frame and rescue the fella Fortunately, she didn’t go far in Right now is the opportunity! The rescue team hurriedly places the capture frame that has a snack Praying she’d come in safely… Not only the rescue team but the people watching are also anxious Yet She approaches the capture frame without hesitation Seemed to be on guard at the entrance for a bit trudges towards the snack! She seems to be concentrated only on the snack Regardless of the rescue team watching her She’s busy gulping down the snacks The moment she finished a bowl and moved on to the next bowl The door closed,  rescue succeeded! Due to an unexpected situation, while she looks around she can’t give up on the snacks How starving must she have been We feel bad for her getting caught without an alert, but also grateful The risky life on top of the bridge pier ends and has returned to the arms of the people after a week Looking up close, she looks younger Without any vigilance takes on the snacks people give There’s no cat that goes into a capture frame and eats while people are watching I think in this cat’s case either she was starving… or she’s very friendly with people Perhaps she had an owner before First things first, health examination is the first priority! We visited a hospital to get a medical check-up to examine if she has any damages due to an isolated environment The vet examined her slowly Then..! Vet: She’s been trapped (TNR). If you look at the left ear, it’s been tipped. She’s been TNR. Now that we look one of the ears has been tipped That means someone has rescued her and neutered her Vet: In months, she seems about 7 months old. The ear is also… The ear… still has some scabs Then it hasn’t been a while back..? I’d say a month at maximum? As we have obtained a small clue with the traces of TNR Now, it’s time for a health examination Vet: Fortunately, there aren’t any big issues in terms of the blood test or X-Ray First, examining her condition it seems she’s been under someone’s care before the TNR It seems she’s been supplied an ample amount of food from a cat mom or someone If she continued to starve in this weather, she might have passed Fortunately, due to being taken care of before being stranded she was able to endure without any health issues If she was of older age, there’s a high possibility she wouldn’t be able to be handled but since she’s quite young, for the sake of the quality of her life if possible, it may be a good way to find a guardian and live with the guardian A tiny life that was at the crossroads of life and death, trapped in the drain above the bridge piers Hope her life would be of warm spring days in her second phase of life which was made possible due to someone’s interest… 