Reported footage Informant: I can see something dangerous on the rooftop It looks very dangerous, and precarious On the 12th floor of an apartment, the rooftop There's a cat standing on the edge precariously Apt. Security: I was shocked, I went like, 'why are you up there' He was standing on the rail, on the 12th floor A week ago Thanks to the report from the resident, the community spotted him Resident: He was here at first, at the door of the flat Crew: Here? At that spot? He was here at first. But as I came close, he jumped and went that way He ran to the rail as he was startled by someone's presence Apt. Security: As the day got dark, he stealthily stood up and ran upstairs You know, the corridor there, he jumped up from its banisters Just like that He went past the corridor and went upstairs to the rooftop With a body looking bare-bone even from the distance He doesn't seem to leave the narrow rail anytime... Tweet Tweet! Looking in an urgent need for a rescue However.. Crew: He's gone.. The cat is gone.. Where would he go Crew: That's open (over there)! There's a tiny open door Cat fur Slowly inspects what's inside Crew: Oh!! There's a hole in the wall (Where does it lead to..) Apt. Admin staff: Since the pipes from the rooftop are connected all the way here, and here, So the bunker(pipe chase) that covers it all could have holes as well
(Possible route in which the cat goes in and out) (Possible route in which the cat goes in and out) In between the pipe chases connected all together, There's our kitty hidden.. We've decided to wait after getting the observation cam installed..! (Prepared some fewd as well) A few moments later There came our guy The bony body that outlines the bones How long has he been starving... Swoosh Struggles to drag himself out Wary Wary And watches out for the surroundings.. Only after he checked there's no one around He hurriedly wolfs down on the food.. Gahd, he looks bony Han Jae-Woong, Vet / 'N' Animal Medical Center: Well, he sure hasn't been feeding for more than a month He's in such a severe condition to call it almost a miracle that he's alive.. Near where the cat comes and goes Installed a trap As the cat is extra wary Decided to watch him from the distance Wut is this? He slowly heads to the trap and Took the bait! Succeeded rescuing Crew: Sigh.. Got him! Han Jae-Woong, Vet / 'N' Animal Medical Center: It's alright, it's okay~ The most worrying thing at the moment is his health condition Han Jae-Woong, Vet / 'N' Animal Medical Center: We confirmed that he's infected by a disease called, panleukopenia That carries a high level of fatality So we first need to carry out treatments, as best as we can As we can't see uterus and ovaries from the ultrasound He appears to be neutered. Since he has no marks on the ear, so if he's been neutered, it can only be done by his owner Perhaps.. he once belonged to somebody..? Ladies and gentlemen, we'd like to inform you that.. (Asking around) A few days later, A lady came to the hospital Yaong! Gahd.. Meow~ As he's called 'Yaong' He mews as if he's answering back You sure he's the one you lost? Owner: Yes, that's him What on earth has happened.. Owner: I let the door open while I was cleaning my place and he's gone out I even rapped on a can, walking around the residence and the neighborhood.. Been looking for him for over a month But she had to give up on finding her family, 'Yaong' Where are yo butler.. meow After a long while looking for each other There came a miraculous moment.. Owner: Yaong~ I missed yo meow Owner: You love it now? Love it meoww Owner: Why did you go outside.. (sorry I couldn't find you earlier..) "Yaong~ Let's not be apart from now on" 