Bump Bump BUMP A birdie hits and runs on the window How painful it must be.. especially the beak What da bird is going on.. Lands~ Hit-and-run birdie villain
Eastern gray wagtail Perhaps.. she's looking for Platform 9 and 3 quarters..? You should have a reason for doing this.. Neverending head-butting Moreover Ever since the bird showed up The surroundings of the house have been covered with poops everywhere TwT Ain't easy to wash it off even House owner: So, what we were thinking is Since she lost her baby and the entire family Waht? Guess she thinks that we're hiding her family inside, that's probably why she's doing that A few months ago, a bird couple settled down in a post box The couple made a safer home for the sake of the birds The house made by the landlord And while she was having a blissful time with her babies Glaring In the absence of the male bird, The cat attacked their nest.. By the time she came back, All her family  was already gone After that The gray wagtail, who's a migrant, 
doesn't even go back to where she's come from But she's dropping by this house every single day Prof. Cho Sam-Rae | Doctor of Ornithology : It's hard to tell whether it's possible or not, since it's just a law of nature But if it's true, though it's hard to prove it is This can definitely count as something meaningful academically As it seems, a migratory bird has turned into a resident bird Ma'am, are you sure about this? Yeah, it sure is. That's the one I took a picture and all Is her revenge for her family that's holding her back from leaving However..! You can see the whole view of the sea
 through this window, isn't it? The entire glass reflects things from behind She desires to go to that side (the sea), that's why If that is so, let's block the window so she won't see the reflection of the sea And change the angle, so it could only reflect a mountain She flies all the way here, but goes back! Let's show the sea once again Peek-a-boo Poke Poke Poke Poke The bird bumps onto the mirror now On the other side, there's a full view of the sea And she's trying to reach out to what she sees, but she might think the reflection of herself is attacking her in reverse It's highly likely that she might have misperceived the reflection of the sea and herself TwT A model of an eagle, a.k.a Lord of the Sky The appearance outdoes the entering scene of 'Gollum' Hawk brotha joins in (as a sticker) (Scurry) (Scurry) Lemme help yo Fierce looking(?) eyes Ta Da Would this work..? Shall I go back to the sea now~ Gahd what the! There ain't a wall between her and the house The grey wagtail has been hesitant whether to come or not But eventually Goes back..ÇÚ÷ Effective fo sho Tee-hee The grey wagtail has finally flown over to the real sea 