They say that there's a dog that shows up at a secluded town every night... Disappears into the night in a spine-chilling way... Dog hides right away even at the slightest movement of people But the dog's neck seems to be in a severe condition... Tried to help, but he's too wary and won't come even a little bit close Need to rescue the dog right away...! Producer: Have you seen a white-furred dog nearby...? Resident: Yes, he's here...somewhere here...but he's hard to spot... Can hardly spot him during daylight But traces of his fur can be spotted here and there Where did he disappear leaving only traces? Resident: Can't catch him. Anyways, it's strange. Resident: I felt pitiful so I've reported the dog, but they couldn't catch him either Rescue failed numerous times Rescue team: There are many roads, and there are some hills nearby, and it is said that dogs have lived there for about three years. So he must've know the geographical area pretty well while he was roaming around The path where he passes by every day, and there are a lot of trees to hide And the area is a open space so it's easy for him to readily escape... Resident: He only shows up at night Resident: When the place becomes quiet and people aren't outside, he shows up If we were to meet him, it needs to be after sundown Place food for the dog who might've starved Leaving just the camera behind and waits for the dog... Assistant director: Came, came, came!!
Producer: Where, where?!
Assistant director: There, there!! Assistant director: There!
Producer: Oh, right The white-furred dog finally showed his appearance That's the right dog they've been looking for! Showed interest at the food in which the production crew left behind.... But then he must've suspected something's off as he turns away He stays on guard and keeps a distance from the production crew To rescue him, they need to find out his frequent route Following him carefully from behind... But don't know why, but he's back at his original location Looking closely at his wound... The collar has embedded deeply inside the neck to the point of his skin falling off... The collar he had on when he was young must've caved deeply into his skin.. Suddenly, he decided to sit Don't know why but he doesn't run away at the sight of the production crew nearby He looks somehow listless... Must've stayed like that for so long that the blood near the neck fur has turned black in color The collar has carved in so deep that the skin has bloated into reddish color and pus is flowing out... He keeps a wary eye on the production crew while remaining guarding at his place... Could he have any relations with this abandoned shack? Just to be sure, the production crew attempts to approach the dog Producer: It's okay, it's okay Tried to calm him down, but has already escaped far away Couldn't find him anywhere near the parameter of where he disappeared The next day Visited the place where the dog remained yesterday Assistant director: Is anyone there? Hi The woman gives an unexpected answer as they questioned about the dog Woman: I'm upset...Still, he is someone I fed... A dog she was raising? Woman:  He bit (my husband) numerous times so he let his hand go and the dog didn't show up after that. After being startled once, he has been avoiding people and haven't return back home. Woman: I tried so many times to catch him. Really made an effort, but didn't work The only thing she can do is to not forget his food He did run away on his own, but has been spending time right next to his house every day Although he is so vigilant towards people, he can't leave this place... Woman: He must've been roaming around here since he used to live here. Because of the grandpa fighting cancer, they can no longer take care of him Like that a long year has passed by... But we can no longer watch him suffer anymore, so we must rescue him! So they decided to carry out the plan near the area where the dog visits and stays often. As soon as the dog enters the cage, they need to close the door The night falls and they prepared food for the dog as well Producer: He came, came, came! That way, that way, that way!!! The dog showed his appearance in an instant As he has always been, he slowly moves toward the area where he used to stay But! The white-furred dog suddenly changes direction and heads somewhere else! He passed by even leaving the food behind... The next day, we visited the place where he was heard to be found Assistant Director: There are traces of him found Assistant Director: It reeks of something rotting here... Is the dog truly hiding beneath here? Assistant Director: He's in here!! Checks inside the narrow space once again The dog beneath the container..! We're sure it's him. The rescue begins again Before the dog senses something, they decided to block the area. The only remaining passage out is this spot. Now, they need to lure the dog out... The dog is startled by the sound of the wall Just when he was hesitating while looking outside, he slowly makes it to the outside!! The speedily runs away!! Rescue team: Catch him, catch him!!! White-furred dog doesn't know that they're trying to help and keep running away in fear Tried to escape through a small opening, but cannot move because of the blocked area Rescued safe and sound... Dog breathes heavily being frightened by the quick turn of events... Vet: Just being a little bit close, the smell is really strong... Vet: I think it's vital to cut the collar first then transport him to the hospital quickly. Vet: Cutting it off at this state will be too painful for him, so the collar will be cut off when he gets sedatives. Then will be transported to the hospital The dog who must be in a painful state, will take off his collar after getting sedatives Vet: it's okay, it's okay, it's okay. Such a good boy, don't worry... Vet: It's done! Waiting for him to calm down... Woman watches over with worried feelings... Carefully cuts off the collar... Vet: No one should use this kind of collar at all... How painful would've been when the collar is tangled and stuck right to the skin with the hardened blood... Tried to take it off while disinfecting the area, but... Vet: There's a buckle here...It's completely...melted down... Producer: It's really stuck to her flesh... If this whole collar was made of metal chain, he would've died As they're in a hurry, they decided to remove all the area except the buckle part Vet: Since the overall collar is off now.. Vet: It'll be nice if he carries out a simple emergency surgery here, but He is in a nervous state and I think it's really painful for him to bear right now even though he took sedatives Since it's too painful, he wakes up from sedatives. Let's just hurry and go to the hospital right away. To be treated, they hurriedly send him to the hospital The wound was a lot more severe than they thought. Vet: This much had to be snipped out and had to be connected to his original skin Going through surgery... Just like that a long surgery that was carried out for 4 hours... Needs to endure well until the wound completely heals Relocated him to the recovery room, but he isn't able to open his eyes because he isn't fully awake from anesthesia Vet: If we were late by a little bit, it might've left damage in his esophagus or might've pierced his esophagus...It was a risky situation He'll get a lot better after being disinfected and get treated for the inflammation Must be excruciatingly painful, but he tries his best to get up Vet: More than anything else is that I'm worried that he won't let his guard down easy around people. But he will have to approach people a little by little... After being treated, he'll be sent off to a no euthanasia animal shelter to wait for his new family 