So.. we were housemates But not anymore Cream Guardian: He was roaming around somewhere (but I rescued him) And he was brought to this stable, and he's currently under my care There's one teenie-weenie problem tho.. Eyeyey!!!! HEYYYY!!!!!!! Yelping!! Gahd that was close-meow Guardian: He has bitten four chickens to death already There's a tiny dog of mine, she was bitten as well, undergone surgery twice already 6 months ago, after he's escaped from home Has been attacking not only the small animals that live near the house, but also his own friend who lives under the same roof, However his attack doesn't seem to stop Yo rascal I just.. Guardian: Please, just don't cause any more trouble.. wished you to grow up as a kind doggo.. BUT WHY!! Okeh, let's talk about this, face to face Koo Cheol-Min | Animal Rescue Association RE:BIRTH
This fella(Cream) has an experience of attempting several escapes beforehand, It'd be difficult to use the usual fenced-type cage to capture him But we'll set up the fishnets encircling the space you can see behind, shape it like a cage, and once Cream walks into that space, will pull up the cage to close up the wayouts. That's how we'll set things up for the rescue What da hecc? Shut up and bring it on Pfft what's this all about Take a piece, then we can talk A little bit closer..! Koo Cheol-Min | Animal Rescue Association RE:BIRTH/
More more more, just a bit more! This much? Yah! That's it! Okay! That's okay! Succeeds in capturing Cream, everything's gonna be alright Guardian: Ah, thank you all so much seriously Should take better care now heheh Guardian: I'm so sorry, I just.. phew.. I'll be better from now on, sorry.. Help meh teacher Chan-Jong What's up with Cream's behavior? Director Lee Chan-Jong | Esac Training Center
As stray dogs have had their own way of life outside So if you allow them to head wherever they want while strolling They won't be able to hold back their instinct of free will It's vital to teach them to follow the direction you, the guardians, intend to go. To accept that. So as to help him to take a stroll Wearing a leash is a MUST!! under the guardian's full control Training Begins Director Lee Chan-Jong | Esac Training Center
When he feels most energetic, that's when he wants to hunt down things So if you let him exhaust that energy through working out The desire this one(Cream) feels for hunting will gradually fall Besides the regualr strolling, But through walking over the obstacles, Letting Cream exhaust his excessive energy! Gahd.. I'm tired.. Then, let's apply this into practice A doggo fwend way smaller than Cream Let's see.. Super demure This one's going nuts instead lol Moreover Came home without any issue Guardian: God, this is so peculiar He used to be more stubborn not to come home But as we worked out like that He seems to feel like, 'It's time to get rest now' Will practice over and over And have a good life together I'm gonna live a good life hereafter! Woof! 