Grandma’s precious besties Bong his legs are disabled Grandma: If a rich family took him (Bong) then he would’ve healed already But I’m thinking maybe I’m killing him because I don’t have the money to treat him I just wish for him to live a happy life My heart just breaks, he’s not even 2 years old For Bong who is ill all she can do for him is a massage with a warm towel... But Bong, as if everything is okay as long as grandma is next to him is glued to his grandma For Bong and grandma, we visited a hospital Results of the thorough examination Vet: (Bong) has myelitis which is caused by inflammation of the spinal cord There’s a possibility of improvement by about 70% (with medicine treatment) With medicine treatment and rehabilitation therapy Bong has a chance of walking again Grandma tears up as she feels apologetic towards Bong for all those times he was in pain... Grandma: Get well, grandma will come back again to see you, Bong Bong will be hospitalized for a week to dedicate the time for treatment! Bong gets electrotherapy that triggers the nerves and rehabilitation therapy persistently A week later Bong, have you been well? Wanna see me eat? Bong eating food with his hind legs on the ground Moreover, It’s not completely perfect, but Bong walks on four legs! Aww so proud of you Bong 2 weeks later We met Bong at a park Production crew: He (Bong) is much brighter Neighbor: Yes, now that he walks Huh..? Shall we show you our Bong? Not only does he walk now Bong can even run now!! Wondered where he was running to so happily Of course, it’d be where his grandma is, whom Bong loves the most! Production crew: Bong is walking now! Grandma: Yes! I was so surprised, he runs so well, look at him Good boy, say thank you to the doctor Neighbor: When he (our Bong) first walked, all of us cried so much We were so glad and it was such a touching moment Neighbor: It was so touching... It was so moving You wouldn’t believe how fast our hearts were pounding All of us were so surprised when we saw him (Bong) run around It would be surprising enough for him to be walking again but him running around like this, it’s amazing! Are you really Bong? Mhmm, of course I am Bong teehee I’m glued to grandma, look at me running to wherever she is From now on I’m gonna take strolls with grandma walking alongside her and spend time with her at her workplace Merchant: When I asked (grandma) why he wouldn’t get up She said Bong’s ill Since Bong got ill Grandma even refused to make a living, putting the livelihood at stake and kept by his side all day taking care of him Merchant: Now that he (Bong) is better, she’d come and tell us We all laughed together out of gladness Now, marketplace famous lovey-doveys are Bong and grandma At that moment a lady came by to visit grandma Neighbor: Since grandma’s working I have to take him to the lady’s house who owns a hair salon and have to do rehabilitation therapy for him taking turns For grandma who has resumed her work again the neighbors got together and are taking charge of Bong’s rehabilitation therapy Neighbor: The doctor said it’s best to do so whenever we have time, frequently So since it’s wouldn’t be enough by grandma’s self The three of us are taking turns whenever we can Thanks to the neighbors In less than 10 days since being discharged from the hospital miraculously, he began to walk again Neighbor: He’s going, running! Sister, look at him! All the neighbors came together to see such a miraculous moment Neighbor: I had a realization again that it’s really a miracle It’s so touching that all hearts came together to enable him to stand on all four legs And Tong’s guardian: I came by hearing the news that Bong got much better Tong kept whining to go Bong, honey have you been well? Tong, I missed you so so much Tong’s guardian: He’s all recovered! It’s a total miracle Neighbor: You guys can be in-laws now Tong’s guardian: Yeah haha we can be in-laws Lololololololol His fun times didn’t last long Bong becomes gloomy all of a sudden and keeps looking at the door Bong, what’s wrong? Are you feeling uncomfortable somewhere? Grandma: Bong~ As soon as grandma arrives home Bong dashes barefoot Grandma: You know it’s me? Of course I know it’s you It’s Bong who’s been waiting for grandma all day long Neighbor: Now that grandma’s here he sits right next to her Grandma: Awww… my little baby To such Bong grandma also puts on a smile haha Bong who changed so much How is his condition right now? Vet: Woah, he can stand on all his legs now Even the doctor is amazed Vet: I mean... He recovered so fast For an accurate diagnosis, a thorough examination is conducted Vet: When I look at it, it hasn’t been even a month It’s way beyond my expectation for him to recover so quickly The most important part was that he would be able to rehabilitate happily and as they (people around him) poured out love and as he (Bong) thought “I’m gonna go to the arms of one I love, the one I like” Or the snacks that person gave him became the motivating factor for Bong to move around much more As much as everyone wished desperately for him to be able to stand on his legs again a miracle did happen Grandma: Now that he’s recovered, we’re gonna go out to enjoy the air Production: To the beach? Grandma: Yes, he (Bong) has never been to the beach in his life For Bong who has been through difficult times until now grandma wants to present him a special gift Grandma: Bong, do you like it here at the beach? Look at the water, so pleasant To me, you’re the most pleasant Grandma: As so many people came together to help My Bong is walking again like this Thank you so much, to everyone who’s helped Live long, okay? Due to a heartfelt love for Bong from grandma and the neighbors Bong will always be happy for his life 