Rescue team: They want to take the animals with them but, the shelter won’t allow any animals Perhaps they dodged the flames but, eventually, the dogs become separated from their family A fella roaming around the road Rescue team: She has a ‘registration number’ It’s okay, it’s okay Shim In-Seob l Animal Protection Group ‘LIFE’:
She should get into a car accident if left unattended We’ll shelter her for now and we should confirm the info and contact the guardian quickly With cooperation from the related institution the rescue team has contacted the guardian Shim In-Seob l Animal Protection Group ‘LIFE’:
We’ll bring her over to you / Oh, if you could, I’d appreciate it That will do, right? / Yes, yes Confirmed, her name is ‘Sawol’ and fortunately, she has a house to live in Sawol arrived home!! Guardian: Sawol~ Look how excited she is to see her guardian again! Guardian: Thank you Sawol has reunited with her family safely Sawol’s guardian: She’s a mutt dog but she’s a lovely one whom I’ve grown close to Sawol’s guardian: Thank you for your hard work / My pleasure But.. how did she end up on the road? Production crew: Oh, is this Sawol’s original home? / This is her dog house.. Sawol’s guardian: Escaping the fire, I let her loose so she can leave and survive because I didn't know what'd happen Kim Yong-Hwan l Animal Rescue Org ‘RE:BIRTH’:
If the guardian didn’t let Sawol loose, Sawol would’ve.. I thought “She wouldn’t have had any way to survive” After saying farewell with Sawol rescue work continued The site we arrived at... houses were burnt down to ashes... "The fired damaged the area as large as 41% of the Seoul" "The Government declared the regions special disaster zones " Production crew: Still smoking... Woof Woof! Fellas who couldn't leave their burnt down houses As we reach our hands out... the fella come into our arms Having a close look.. Kim Yong-Hwan l Animal Rescue Org ‘RE:BIRTH’:
At first, we thought it was a ginger dog but he wasn't. His fur was scorched by fire and turned yellow Thought it might be hard for him to receive the proper care and we began to ask around because we need to confirm the guardian With neighbors’ help, the rescue team reached the three dogs’ guardian Phone call with the guardian: Hello ma’am / Whom am I speaking to? Phone call with the guardian: We are from an animal rescue org Three dogs’ guardian: We’re on our way home / We’ll wait for you here A moment later.. The guardian has arrived at the site Three dogs’ guardian: I was laying down at the hospital and received a call “Your house is on fire” If I was home, I would’ve died There’s no way out here. Everything was on fire, where wouldn't have been an exit Three dog's guardian: ‘Oogly’ I’m sorry What should I do, I have nowhere to go either... Oogly is just happy to see the guardian again Three dog's guardian: This one’s Kkamdoong Three dog's guardian: Hindoong!! Production crew: Hindoong wouldn’t come near us Three dog's guardian: Come quick, c’mere As his mommy calls~ Three dogs' guardian: I’m sorry, mommy’s sorry Production crew: Perhaps because we’re around..  he goes around Village resident: He’s been scorched..  He must’ve been frightened Village resident: Oh, you poor thing.. Perhaps due to the fire, Hindoong’s extremely tensed up Production crew: There's no place for them to go to at all? Three dogs’ guardian: No. I also need to rebuild the house for myself or I don’t have anywhere to go, either Rescue team: She pleaded with us to take care of them
until her house is restored and she recovers her living We’ll take good care of the three dogs~ Three dog's guardian: Go get a shot at the hospital and come back home when I come back Mommy’s sorry.. Oogly, I’ll go get you after I restore the house, okay? (Confused...) Losing everything overnight.. and separating families... And the most heartbreaking thing is.. Rescue team: It's dead.. Lives that we couldn’t save.. Before we arrived, this fella has already..Those animals that have faced misfortune or those we couldn’t rescue not being able to find them.. We’re very sorry Whether human or animal, when under this kind of disaster
I hope they’re given the opportunity to restore their living 