Monk: This here is Yeonhwa, and the other is Jeongsa Monk: I've raised them like this. Monk: I couldn't sleep...doing this once every two hours. Monk: Awwie, it's so tasty, huh? Floofs that brings you to smiles just by looking at them :) Crew: Where's the mother of these pups? Monk: Their mother dog is always circling around the mountain. Monk: She is a very suspicious one. Crew: Suspicious, you say?
Monk: Yes... Monk: She's so suspicious of everything that she only comes here when I'm not here. The mother dog of the pups roaming near the temple, and only showing up when there's no one around Monk: At that mountain there! Monk: There! Inside there! Inside the forest, they're able to make out a white silhouette. As he tries to get closer to the dog, the mother dog isn't letting down her guard at all. In the end... Production crew: She disappeared into the woods! A white-furred dog that is on the alert How did she end up giving birth to these pups at a temple? Monk: This is the father of the pups. My dog, Arong Monk: Arong and the white-furred dog had mated After knowing that, I said to the dog, "Hey, you join our fam too" And brought in two dog houses right next to each other. So the two can live here. White-furred dog with Arong, that the Monk has been raising, their love ultimately came to fruition... So that's why the monk decided to take responsibility for the white-furred dog as well, but... Monk: Magpies were surrounded here at the mountains. They were sitting together cawing on and on. Here... here! However, the white-furred dog gave birth here where magpies surrounded her leaving her the safe home behind... Moreover... Production crew: Seems like the place floods easily when it rains Monk: That's right!! Or why would I have moved the pups! Monk relocated the pups to a safer location and waited for the white-furred dog to come back A few moments later The white-furred dog came following the pups' scent After taking a look around for a long time However! The dog leaves with one of the pups Monk: For the pup named Motnam, thought that one couldn't survive 'cause it's too weak, but the white-furred dog took only that pup and left the other two behind Will the mother dog come back for the rest of the pups? Waited all night for the dog, but the dog didn't come back in the end... From then on, the Monk has been taking care of the two pups Monk: If I'm not here, the mother dog comes out (of the forest) and comes in here And if I'm here, she never comes in here, just keeps circling around. Only goes circling around where Arong and the pups are While being on guard of people... must miss her pups and Arong she keeps roaming around near the temple. Yet! Monk: The steel wire is stretched on this long, She's carrying something that long around and the pup follows behind her That's why I feel like I'm in a hurry (to rescue them). 3 days ago The white-furred dog showed up with a steel wire choking her neck Even more, the steel wire is deepening deeper inside her neck Leaving even bigger and worse scars... Monk: Before she had the steel wire on her neck, I thought she's one mother that takes so good care of her pups But once I saw her with the steel wire dangling on her neck She made me feel worn out... So that's why I even called 911 on this... However, the white-furred dog, who isn't aware of how the Monk feels about this still stays on guard of people and rejects getting any help... Puppy following close behind her mother who is in agony by the wire choking her neck. For the dogs, the Monk leaves fresh food and water every day That night white-furred dog and her pup showed up at the temple. With the food the Monk left behind, the two hurriedly fills up their empty stomach. Just at that moment! The wire wrapped around the pillar Tries her best to escape from it... Thankfully, she escaped from danger... Being in panic was momentary White-furred dog lets her pup to drink milk It's so sad and pitiful... Monk: The two wires are spread out both sides like this and when she gets caught walking like this, it'll bother her more and hurt her Seeing that, I was thinking, "Gosh her motherhood for these pups are so strong" Before she falls into a worse condition, the rescue has been decided! At the appearance of strangers, the white-furred dog becomes very nervous. Korean Welfare Animal Association: Because the terrain is near the mountains, it'll be difficult to install a capture frame there. After blocking the escape route, The path in which they can escape... The rescue team is busy blocking all sides with the net Then, they decided to approach slowly Not a single mistake can be tolerated, so... He approaches slowly, and...! Korean Welfare Animal Association: Caught her! Caught her! Finally, the rescue was successful! First, they decided to cut off the wire that was stretched out and hanging out her body first. But the pup is nowhere to be seen? Crew: Pardon? Monk: The pup's here! The one that's hiding behind the furnace with a frightened face The pup has been rescued successfully too! Monk: White-furred dog! Oh my, oh my goodness, what to do! Monk: Oh gosh, yo poor thing Been carrying your pup around when you're like that Don't know about motherhood... Just such a pity seeing her carrying the pup around the mountains in such a poor state... After being escorted to the hospital in a hurry, white-furred dog goes under surgery to remove the steel wire Vet: Her skin and muscle layer has all been damaged Right above it is the airway...the part she use to breathe The whole front part...the wounds are too severe... What is this steel wire though...? Vet: It's a regular wire, but I don't know if it's coincidental or if someone installed it to use as a snare on purpose But it's shaped like a snare Monk: To catch a snake, they do that And to catch rabbits a lot of people had set up those It is said the snare made of steel wire are found place to place near the mountains Possibly, the dog has been caught by one of these and has gotten seriously hurt Vet: We've first washed off the areas with severe inflammation After disinfection, when the infection starts to catch... That's when we'll start performing suture surgery After recovering in the hospital, they decided to carry on the suture surgery How about the pup? Is the pup okay? Vet: As for now, the pup's eating and pooping behavior seem to be all in a normal state. There's no need to worry so much Due to mother's utmost care the pup who is in a healthy state has been sent next to the Monk and has been taking good care of until the pup's mother comes back Monk: This one's name is Mi-luk and that one's named 'Gildong' 'cause it's been following the mother dog around I would have to work towards having them live a blessed life together For Mi-leuk and Gildong wish that you all would live happily in the Monk's place! 