“I watched the news reporting the fire is spreading severely” “The fire that has started around 11 AM today is spreading fast in the hills of Uljin, Gyeokbuk Province.” “There has been an evacuation order on the residents” Shim In-Seob, Animal Protection Group ‘LIFE’: The first impression I got was that it’s a very serious matter Kim Yong-Hwan, Animal Rescue Org ‘RE:BIRTH’: If things go wrong it can turn out to be like ‘Goseong forest fire’ in 2019... ‘Goseong forest fire’ that turned Gangwon Province into ashes 3 years ago and… Animals that were consumed by the flames defenselessly… We were worried there could be that kind of damage in Uljin again “Let’s do our best in what we can do” The site they rushed to… Ah… how are we gonna do this The flames were jumping from one hill to another due to strong winds It’s like that up at the front “It’s a lot more severe than what we see on the news” I didn't know how we could…  it was too chaotic to a point where I didn't know why I went there. It was pure shocking. Just shocking. While dodging the flames… Shim In-Seob, Animal Protection Group ‘LIFE’: Someone must’ve let this dog escape A retriever left alone on a truck Let’s get you some water Production crew: You must’ve been thirsty Production crew: Are you the guardian? 
Guardian: Yes Retriever’s guardian: I brought the fella on the truck since I was anxious to leave the fella alone Production crew/ What’s the fella’s name?
Guardian: It’s ‘Bom’ Bom’s hanging on well, proudly Production crew: Sir, watch out for the flames Bom’s guardian: Thank you Everyone's doing their best at their respective positions… Since we couldn’t just sit back and watch wanted to see if there are any animals that have been harmed, tied Production crew: Did you hear a bark?
Shim In-Seob: Yes, yes Fortunately, the fire hasn’t reached here yet but, the fire is approaching Firefighter: A bit more. Yes, alright Trying to save one more life.. are sacrifices and dedication of the firefighters While they (the firefighters) were busy moving the fire hose, I saw their lunchboxes left on the field I felt so sorry and I am so.. grateful for them Battle with the fire continued until the early morning The village that’s been damaged by fire... is pure misery and… Production crew: It’s a roe deer It seems the roe deer got into a car accident while it was escaping the fire… coming down to the road I assumed many wild animals must have been sacrificed… While searching around the area that’s been damaged by the fire… “There’s a dog! A dog!” Production crew: Where? Shih Tzu won’t budge a muscle on a pile of ashes It’s okay, it’s okay It’s okay, it’s okay There was a dog trembling in fear on the ground Looking at the face, the face turned black We transferred the fella carefully into a cage and after we got ready to transfer the fella to a hospital, we rushed elsewhere How did this fella end up left alone in a burned-down house…? But at that moment! A lady showed up with cats Production crew: The dog that was here… 
Lady: It’s our dog “It’s our dog” Production crew: Are you sure?
Guardian: Yes, I’m sure What’s the fella’s name? / Mong As the guardian approached Mong recognizes the lady Mong’s guardian: We rode around in the car for 3 days with the dog inside due to the fire Mong’s guardian: And yesterday, we let the dog loose for a moment to pee Mong’s guardian: But the fella wouldn’t get back in the car, perhaps anxious Mong’s family consisted of more pet animals A black woofer dog and cattos… Local victim of fire loss: If we go to the gym (shelter) they provide food and bed Local victim of fire loss: But, we can’t go because we have pets We couldn’t just abandon them here and sleep there So, we lived in a car together But, even in the midst of all this… Production crew:  Sir, are you preparing a dog house first? Local victim of fire loss: I’m going to block it here and let the black dog off the leash first At that moment of devastation from losing their home Kim Yong-Hwan, Animal Rescue Org ‘RE:BIRTH’: He was making a fence for the dogs You should take some rest. Take some rest, please (This is the only thing we can do for you right now) Fence repairment complete! Guardian: Oh you must feel refreshed The woofer dog’s just plain bubbly and excited Thank you so much… for giving us a hand Hey fella, let’s cheer up! It’s been a few years after Shim In-Seob, Animal Protection Group ‘LIFE’: experiencing this (forest fire damage) in the Gangwon Province Shim In-Seob, Animal Protection Group ‘LIFE’: But regarding animal evacuation, there is no manual til now Upon disaster, animals cannot be admitted into the shelter Pets that aren’t allowed into the shelter… Disaster relief’s blind spot They’ve dodged the flame, but now they become separated families Separated families that cannot know of their survival Goo Cheol-Min, Animal Rescue Org ‘RE:BIRTH’: They become abandoned dogs temporarily and later on Goo Cheol-Min, Animal Rescue Org ‘RE:BIRTH’: they either become permanently abandoned or go missing… While searching through the area that’s been damaged by the fire a dog wanders around the road Village resident: That dog also walks around without a guardian Village resident: It’s been two days and whoever stops the dog, the fella stays still Production crew: I think there’s a registration code Shim In-Seob: There’s a registration number! Production crew: You shouldn’t be running after cars Village resident: This fella would approach anyone This fella wandering around the road having escaped the fire… will this fella be able to be reunited with her family again? To be continued in part 2... 