At a building located in downtown Seoul A dog started to appear here out of nowhere recently... At that time, a white-furred dog was spotted inside the flowerbed covered with white snow...! She was first discovered here a week ago However... Informant: She won't leave anywhere out of this flowerbed She only roams back and forth in that area She never once left the flowerbed from the day she first appeared Soon, she lies down on the cold edge covered with snow Following this dog's gaze, there are people busily walking around the streets. She is busy walking back and forth on the railing all day and also looking at the people passing by At that moment, she suddenly swiftly follows a woman! After following her for some time, she stops and looks back with a sad glance Shortly after, she discovers another person and starts following Informant: She didn't eat nor drink anything, but just sits around in the cold waiting Crew: Oh, she's waiting? Informant: Yes, I think she's waiting for her owner The day she was discovered, 'cause her fur was white and was chubby, people thought she was a dog with an owner However, the owner didn't show up... And the white-furred dog continues living her life on a cold railing all alone... The dog is always lying down on the railing And continues to wait without much hope... When the informant comes, the dog doesn't show the slightest interest Then goes back to the edge of the railing... How much time has passed? Dog falls asleep buried in the cold snow People who were full of worries that she might freeze to death comes forward to help For a place to lie down comfortably in warmth, she put a blanket inside the box Also prepared food and snacks To help her feel relaxed and get inside the house on her own, they leave the spot But even after a long time has passed, she doesn't seem a bit interested in heading inside the box While shaking like a leaf, she suddenly gets up and starts heading elsewhere She seems to have difficulty even taking a step because her body became stiff from the cold Will she be okay like this on her own..? Informant: Rescuers came by, but it was difficult to rescue her because she's too wary. They said let's watch for a few days. As if she's walking on a tightrope, she can hardly walk around the narrow edge of the railing Seems to be around two stories high. A situation in which you don't know what kind of unexpected accident will occur if capturing her without much of a plan To add on, the front side is a busy six-lane road, so if rescued in a haste, it might lead to an even bigger and dangerous accident Even if it's snowing, it doesn't have any affect on her As more people pass by, she begins to move busily again Moving through the snowy bushes with difficulty... But as expected, where she arrived is the other side of the railing... As if forgetting about the cold and the hunger, her eyes are only chasing the passerby endlessly. How did she end up alone in the middle of the bustling city, far from the residential area? Even after the dark falls in the city, the dog remains at that same spot. Covered with snow... The informant came back out of worry Informant: Oh, what to do...Why aren't you eating? Crew: She didn't eat? Informant: Yeah, she didn't eat anything She didn't touch any of the food nor snacks that she left in the morning Worries grow about the dog's health as she hasn't been eating properly and was out in the cold for a week... As the day gets colder, she can't be left alone like this! The next day, the animal rescue team, decided on a safe rescue plan and proceeds with an emergency rescue But the problem is...the dog who was always at the railing, wasn't there! The dog who hasn't left this area for the past week Why and where did he suddenly disappear to?! Producer: Where is the dog? Informant: When I came to work today, she was gone A person said that they tried to rescue her, but she ran away to the other side Producer: To where? Informant: The other side of the street Startled, the dog ran away somewhere to the other side past the speeding cars... Need to find her as soon as possible! After dividing four areas around the last point where the dog disappeared, four teams decided to cover the appointed areas Producer: Mister, have you seen a white dog passing by? Mister: I haven't. There is no one who has seen her nor there are any clues to find her... To find even one witness, the crew tried everything, but in the end, couldn't find even one clue... Where and what is the dog up to right now? Counting 21 days of disappearance, a witness who has seen the dog at an apartment complex not too far away from where she disappeared Witness: Here...she was crouching down and sleeping here. Producer: Oh, close to here?
Witness: Yes, yes... Another witness Security guard: (Woman at 000) said when she walked her dog in the morning, the stray dog follows her Showed up suddenly 10 days ago, the white-furred dog follows the woman walking her dog Woman: I think that's the one? Woman: I even met the dog today Producer: Oh then, what time do you usually walk your dog? Woman: In the morning...around 7 A.M. Woman who felt pitiful for the stray dog gave her food several times then the dog started to open up to her The stray dog that shows up every 7 in the morning...Will it be the right dog? The next day during dawn returned to the apartment Decided to follow the lady who goes for walks early in the morning The production crew decided to watch from afar At that moment! A white dog appeared from somewhere! Seems quite thin...But they think it's the white-furred dog they've been looking for In a hurry, the rescue team was designated inside the apartment and decided to lure the dog into the building to capture her Will the wary white-furred dog come in the building? Producer: Please come in the apartment The dog follows the lady without suspicion The lady heads into the apartment first But the dog stopped right in front of the door! After a while, she follows the lady carefully into the apartment...! After confirming that the dog entered inside, the rescue team runs quickly to close the entrance door to block the exit! The dog was startled and starts to jump around Producer: Block her, block, block!! After knowing she has nowhere to run, she resists strongly Keeping her from moving with a net, they decided to wait until she regains stability Crew: This is the right dog, for sure.
Producer: Yeah! She's the right dog they were looking for all this time from seeing her nose color and appearance closely Finally, after a month of effort, they succeeded in rescuing the dog After living in the streets for a long period, they decided to check her health Vet: Let's see, let's see Surprisingly, the dog who was wary and aggressive during the rescue, she seems to have no resistance to human touch right now! Vet: She must've received a lot of love when she was a pup seeing that she likes human touch Vet: She doesn't seem to be abandoned when she was a pup, but I think for whatever reason she left home after being under the care of a guardian for awhile They're certain that she had a guardian who used to embrace her with love... The examinations finally begin... Vet: Two years...About two years old. Jindo dog that is only about two years old fortunately doesn't seem to carry any major health problems Soon, the informant came by after hearing the news Informant: Oh, this is the one! Oh my! Informant: Hey there! Informant: 'Cause she disappeared suddenly, I kept thinking about her The white-furred dog seems to recognize the informant as she eats off the snacks she gives her Informant: I wish she eats a lot of yummy foods from a warm family and grow up healthy For who or what the dog was looking for remains a mystery unsolved But as of now, the white-furred dog started a new start in the arms of warm people Thanks to people's interest, the dog has been sent to a caring family :) 