17 fighter dogs rescued before their last breath from this place where they had to survive only by killing the opponent And in the midst of severe injuries and trauma are Kkabul Russell, and Crow who are suffering These fellas who are to live as companion dogs will be staying at the behavior-modifying training center For everyone’s safety putting on the muzzle first Director Lee Chan-Jong: How come this fella’s so timid? At that moment! The leash snapped in a blink Director Lee Chan-Jong : Noooo!!!! and... Director Lee Chan-Jong: Hey! Hurry and stop them!! Dogs show Herculean strength outrageously enough to drag adult men They barely manage to calm them.. Director Lee Chan-Jong: We expected them to be belligerent since they’re fighter dogs but, we didn’t expect them to be this belligerent to a point where we almost can’t control them To understand their dispositions we are going to do some simple tests! First off, Russell Without any hesitation he bites the neck of the stuffed animal and won’t let go for anything.. Crow also Chases down the stuffed animal that moves reflexively and repeats biting and shaking This is since they were harshly trained that they would die if they don’t kill the opponent Director Lee Chan-Jong: This is a stuffed animal that doesn’t move, it’s not a live animal but they show tremendous aggressiveness toward it If they show aggressiveness towards a stuffed animal When it comes to a live animal, we wouldn’t be able to control him whatsoever This time, it’s Kkabul’s turn They unleash him but, Kkabul, where are you going..? Kkabul hides again in a tiny corner He brings Kkabul to the stuffed animal Kkabul: I don’t want to fight More so Kkabul is making so much effort to avoid this situation He then hides himself completely out of sight Director Lee Chan-Jong: This fella, until now he was forced into conditions where he had to fight against his will and put in situations where it was inevitable to develop a fear This one, rather than going to somewhere outside, but looks for a cornered place repeatedly and look out of places where he can hide and cover himself Even in a quiet room, Kkabul Director Lee Chang-Jong: Dogs usually love to smell different things in their living But refusing to smell and sniff means he himself will block out (the external elements) It’s not that he has a bad personality but, it’s because he can’t overcome the fear that he has due to his trauma Will they be able to escape life as fighter dogs and live freely? Next day Even to kind hand handing food for him to eat He just sits, trembling in fear and doesn’t spit or swallow the feed that the director put in his mouth Director Lee Chan-Jong: At this stage, it might take a very long time for him to even just get used to the surroundings The more I try to approach to have him open his heart It can become a fearful factor for Kkabul So now, I need to wait. Wait for him until Kkabul’s able to come to me voluntarily Kkabul, you’ve been through unimaginable stuff till now, right? It’s okay now No one will harm you now After half a month, visited the training center again Production crew: Hello He’s (Kkabul’s) eating? Director Lee Chan-Jong: Yes, he eats what I hand him these days And moreover Director Lee Chan-Jong: Kkabul, come here When he is called He comes! With this as our momentum Director Lee Chan-Jong: By showing little puppies being playful and playing with each other to Kkabul We can say it’s an education where we teach him to realize himself ‘Oh! I can have that kind of communion as well’ For Kkabul who’s very soft-hearted little ones are on standby Kkabul who’s not used to seeing little puppies Shuts his eyes as it’s strange Whether he does or not With lille puppy’s bubbly specialty One little puppy approaches Kkabul boldly And to such little one Kkabul finally opened up his heart! Without knowing Kkabul became the main attraction Director Lee Chan-Jong: It’s relieving that Kkabul was able to open up his heart through the little one An and through the little one, he is able to think that not all dogs bite him instantly when they see him As of now, we are very hopeful for him In no time, Kkabul will be able to live a happy life freely without any worries, right? Meanwhile, Russell and Crow? To overcome aggressiveness by training endlessly day and night Russell: We’re friends, right? Russell: Right? They became best friends, a precious being to each other who they can depend on Director Lee Chan-Jong: I feel very apologetic towards these fellas and the reality we’re facing is just so shameful and pitiful We just hope that there won’t be fellas who would suffer like them moving onward We need more continuous interest and love from many people so that there won’t be any more animals who would suffer! 