Villager: Hairs were fallen out hideously, wasn't able to recognize the face and the head.. Ones who were in serious shape, bad enough to recognize the shapes Have been living in none other than a big and hollow farm waterway.. isolated As the crew approached to take a closer look They rush off Not so fast, but doing their best to hurry away Soon we found the puppies on a left out sack but up close, these two look worse than we all thought Perhaps because of skin disease at a severe level They're scratching themselves non-stop here and there On top of that, there found food bowls, and a sack, fixed up with a stone It seems likely that somebody's been taking care of them Crew: Is there anybody who says they've lost puppies? Villager: No, not really. Not that I heard of Won't throw them away tho, not in this neighborhood. Villager: Are you sure you're talking about dogs? Not the elks? In an off the beaten place like this, It's almost impossible to spot these two.. But at that moment! A man steps down into the waterway! Crew: Hi, excuse me
Do you own these puppies? Mysterious man: No, I'm not. Crew: How did you happen to come here then? Mysterious man: I was passing by this cannel a few days ago 
and found them here. Seemed like they both have scabs real bad, 
so I came to feed them Three days ago The man spotted them by pure chance and out of pity, began to feed them Mister (Ex-mysterious man):
At first, there were two sitting on that sack But they didn't even run away, perhaps
didn't have the power to do so Thanks to mister, they've slowly gained energy at least Clearing the meals in a blink They come, settle themselves back on the sack Mister: They're keeping their seats because 
that's where their owner left them There weren't any sacks there But it appeared along with the dogs so. It must have been set up here to ditch them A rubber basin's placed as if someone has put it A burlap sack with some hair bunch left inside How have these puppies ended up in such a place? Since we can no longer leave them alone, We've asked for some help from the rescue team! Vet: My goodness, they're babies.. Babies for real.. These little puppies were born only three months ago Korean Animal Welfare Association:
All planned meticulously, outside people's watch or doesn't need to worry about the whimpering noise 
 reaching out to the people and all It clearly appears that someone ditched those puppies to a place where they can die in silence, unnoticed, on purpose Presumably, somebody could have abandoned ailing puppies to a remote place on purpose.. In this place where it must have been freezing cold They only had each other to rely on Their weary life seems to come to an end at last But suddenly, one of them is heading somewhere As if she's asking us to follow her behind she turns back as if she's checking on us And soon we found her heading towards another dog who's lying on the floor, helplessly However.. No matter how much she shakes the dog The dog doesn't seem to wake up.. Vet: They could have ended up like this one, 
if we were a bit late If they weren't fed by the man at that moment. So to speak, if this one was found a day earlier and had the food.. that'd change everything It aches our heart to even watch her doing her best to be with her friend Vet: They're bad, and evil, seriously.. We can only be sorry before the young soul who must have been dying helplessly.. As if she knows our hearts, she only watches over the scene.. The rest were rescued safe and sound And were moved straight to the hospital in order to check their health condition first thing Vet: On the outside, their skin looks
 horrid by the scabs, or the dead skins But the disease isn't serious enough 
to take their lives away just yet It sure is a cruel act that 
the kids were left out in the waterway to die even though they had a disease that wasn't deathly at all If they were taken care of in good hands they wouldn't have ended up this bad.. As long as they're bathed consistently 
and take the medications well They can be cured without doubt A few days later The puppies came to a shelter after all the treatments Korean Animal Welfare Association: 
Since they're still young, they'll be able to recover really fast. Hope an adopter will show up, 
whom can offer them comforts and happy life together and let their lives bloom with flowers We'll wait for a family who can wash off their memories of hardship by a warmful love.. 