[Informant's footage] Meow- Meow A desperate cry was heard inside a narrow pipe A phone call with an informant: "I think the cat's body is stuck. I tried to dig with the shovel, but it doesn't work easily." Inside the 6-inch circle pipe A form of life that requires an urgent rescue The rescue team arrives at the site (Must be here at a glance) Will the kitten be okay? Crew: I can’t see it ‘cause it’s dark. Look inside with the flash on Meow - You see the kitten?
- I can’t see her Did she leave? Pitch dark inside... The informant have arrived at the scene Informant: Sweetie- Sweetie Meow Upon the informant's calling Meow~ Uh! The kitten cries Informant: She'd run at me from somewhere immediately if I come. She lives under the bridge here (Then one day) she didn't come, but I could only hear her voice somewhere instead Then I looked inside just in case, and then I found her Villager: It's been 6 days now since she got stuck there That's her A 5-month-old, still being lack of experience, Street kitty 'Maesil' And! Another cat showed up nearby Informant: That's her mother She's been roaming about here all day yesterday The mother cat who stays by her kitten Considering the special occasion, Bringing the veteran rescue expert team Scanning the scene Setting the equipment to suit the circumstance Small camera and a flashlight Animal Rescue Organization 'RE:BIRTH':
We'll get started now As the camera descends.. 'Maesil' is gradually visible... Quite a narrow and long pipe though... Though she's wet Thankfully, she reacts to the camera I guess she has nowhere else to go Animal Rescue Organization 'RE:BIRTH': 
She doesn't avoid when the stick can almost touch her face She shows no response 
even when the camera gets closer to her 'RE:BIRTH' team: We'll go more closer, let it touch her Put it away dammeow! *Hiss* 'RE:BIRTH' team: She can move tho? 'Maesil' uses her front paws Moreover Crew: The pipe is buried in a diagonal line, not vertical Crew: Then why can't she come up? Ku Cheol-min Animal Rescue Organization 'RE:BIRTH':
It's PVC(plastic material) pipe which is quite slippery Maesil must have tried multiple times to go up Ku Cheol-min Animal Rescue Organization 'RE:BIRTH':
At some point after slipping down over and over, she'd have just surrendered Even worse, due to dampness Slippery~ Then if the way up doesn't get slippery at all She might be able to go up by herself? Informant: I brought this to take her out Informant: I tied it with a rope and put it inside Informant: Climb up using this Informant: Meow! Maesil wouldn't come up at all, even after a day Her butt must be stuck in the pipe, I assume Having several conditions in mind, the rescue plan for Maesil is... Kim Young-hwan Animal Rescue Organization 'RE:BIRTH':
We should snatch her with a type of a snare (Remove the edge) All set Ku Cheol-min Animal Rescue Organization 'RE:BIRTH':
We barely use this type of tool.. But only this time, because it's sort of exceptional Since we can neither put our hands inside nor people can get into it Even though we dig here, we can't guarantee that the kitten can be rescued safely without getting hurt It's rather the best possible, safe method The rescue STARTS! Keeping the shape of a loop as it gets close to Maesil Getting wary Thump! The loop got smaller Sorry, kitty No, we need you to put your chin That's nice(?) Success?! The 1st attempt fails Make the loop more loose 2nd attempt Swish~ *Hiss* Wut, she's climbing up? You can come up! What the heck is he talking about?;; Aww, she's out! Maesil came out on her own?! 