(Reported picture)
It was neither a cat nor a dog A mysterious creature emerged in the old suburb is... - It's this huge, its tail's like this big
- It's a fox, as far as I see it! A fox with white fur..? Crew 1: Uh!! Oh!! There, I can s...se... Who is this, that we finally face? Vet : She is a fox. It's a similar kind to the red fox, but they were engineered particularly for fur manufacturing, it resulted in different colors of fur, which some eventually ended up like her. In Korea, such manufacture was deemed uneconomic, so they weren't further bred, but some were imported (from the outside) for the purposes of the pet. (At that time) she might have run away or been left out somehow. She's An endangered species,
a mutant of traditional red fox Came from the overseas Might have been raised by the people In fact, foxes shouldn't be in the natural environment of Korea They'll neither fear the car nor the people, in which such act can endanger people in reverse Decided to capture the fox. Korean Animal Welfare Association : Foxes are known to have skills for jumping and such So we anticipated that she might jump over the cage if it doesn't have a roof. After a cage with a roof is all set up We decided to lure her into the cage! Korean Animal Welfare Association: She showed up [Whity fox] entered the game *CLANK* You've gone through a lot ;( Headed straight to the hospital Would she be in good health? Vet : Overall, her condition seems alright However, as she's been roaming around the woods, she caught some ticks on her That would require some treatment Yet, by looking at her actions, she appears to have been growing up with humans Surely She would have had a guardian Nobody raises such Crew: Do you take care of the fox as well? Been asking around every zoo that is located nearby None applicable Vet: Even the domesticated dogs or cats are abandoned, since people can't get used to them. But, such special species, are yet to grow tame As special as they are, and as unique as they are, you should ponder much deeply and carefully by asking yourself, whether you're ready to take the responsibility, before you 'actually' have them Your simple curiosity can turn into a selfish greed to this beautiful creature... 