Informant: Been about 20 days
He has neither been eating nor drinking a single drop of water at the moment There's a creature on crisis who hasn't been 
eating or drinking for over the past 20 days, but! Informant: Can't even get hold of him. 
One can only help if we can get a grasp of him! Since he's too wary to catch him, it's almost impossible to give him help.. Informant: Oh! He's there! One who's going that way PD: Is that him? / Informant: Yeah yeah~ A dark-furred dog who's climbing up the hill from the distance Informant: Do you see that plastic container, which is for salted seafood, 
he's stuck in that thing at the moment The dog has been wandering about the neighborhood 
for quite some time already But one day, he came back with his face stuck at the mouth of the container..! Informant: Since he got himself stuck in the plastic container, 
he can't do anything at all Neighbor: Gosh~ does he even have power after starving that long? As of today, it has been 24 days since he barely sustained himself, 
stuck in that container! Can't waste a minute! The crew speeds up to find the dog in a hurry We could barely found him, but as soon as he feels someone's presence, 
the dog hurries off PD: Where has he gone? Crew: Went in that way! That way! Carefully stepped behind his tail, he squeezes himself out of that narrow crack and ditches his tail Out of anxiety, or for some reason, 
he darts off the scene without looking back or stopping How on earth has he ended up in such a shape..? Neighbor: He might have not been able to find something 
to eat on the streets as he wandered about t this area which is why he might have marched for something he found
 and got his head stuck in that thing In every corner of the neighborhood, 
we were able to find emptied containers so much easily And most of them had their residues left inside the containers He might have rummaged through the waste dumps, 
found the plastic container with the residue and might have put his head inside the thing sheerly for his survival We can't guess what's exactly happened, but his head's been stuck inside the container ever since the moment of the inevitable incident However! As another dark-furred dog approaches, 
he takes his seat near the dog They somehow resemble each other though... PD: Who's the one beside him? /
Informant: They're blood-related brothers PD: Brothers? / Informant: Yeah Informant: They always stick together,
never be apart from each other The younger brother's been with him from the day 
they showed up in this neighborhood, three years ago Nevertheless.. Informant: The younger one hasn't been eating well lately as well.. They used to eat together, tagging along with each other, But as his brother can't eat properly, he doesn't eat well too From the day the dog got into an accident, the younger one has
 been renouncing to eat and been off color for a while now Informant: Though his brother can't eat, the younger one should be fed, isn't it? Out of pity, the informant brings the food over to the dog brothers Informant: C'mon, come here, come, come Though she's calling desperately, the dog doesn't even seem to flinch We've given them space to serve themselves at ease, 
but the younger one hasn't eaten anything in the end The younger one only quietly stands by his brother's side, 
who's severely in pain But all of the sudden, the dog in plastic moves to somewhere else Yet, along the way, his plastic container got stuck 
in between the left-over wastes Wish he can come out of that thing, taking this as a chance, But he eventually went away, still have the container stuck He soon gets away from our eyes in fluster and precarious steps.. The dog eventually hid behind the deserted hillside,
 opposite to the alleyway Though the day deepens, we couldn't find a glimpse of him anywhere Informant: There's a spot where the dog comes around every evening Down there, you see? Under the big tree 
They all gather around there and sleep altogether Crew: They all seem to sleep here. 
The ground looks a little sunken The signs left as if someone laid his body under the tree Since they're extremely wary, we've decided to wait and watch from the distance Soon after, the younger one came back to where he sleeps Takes his seat in the  corner and lays his fatigued body And his brother came along in a minute But as if he's parched with thirst, he keeps on sticking out his tongue How long will this tiny, little creature be able to bear such pain.. The next day The neighbors and the animal protection group came altogether to rescue the dog Will block any possible way-outs and will drive the dog to the dead end PD: Oh he's going around the back Unlike the plan we had, he went away in the other way PD: Where has he gone?  /
Crew: He's right here! We chose to hide away in the place 
where he got the container stuck in between the waste materials But! Crew: He got his head stuck! Head! / PD: Got his head stuck? The moment he struggled to get himself out of that plastic! Crew: It's off now! It's off! He finally got himself free from that plastic container in 25 days Though he set himself free from it, 
the rescue still moves on Neighbor 1: Went that way! Dog went that way! Neighbor 2: Woah Woah Woah Woah!!  /
Neighbor 3: He's going up there~ up there!!! The rescue team who's been waiting on the other side, 
successfully caught him running away at full speed The dog's in absolute shock, keeps writhing to get out Barely calmed him down and moved him safely into the cage On the outside, we couldn't spot any issues with him,
whom we faced after a long time Animal Protection Group: 
As he hasn't been fed for 25 days, he's supposed to show some symptoms of dehydration or any other related symtoms, but as you can see, 
we cannot find any of those from him Informant: Who's believer this
That he was rescued after 25, 26 days! No one would take this seriously The most worrying thing at the moment is his health condition So we carried out details examination in a hurry Vet: His stomach's empty for real Considering that he's been put in such an extreme situation, 
he's in quite an ok state at the moment But some injuries left in every corner of his body..! Vet: As he's been stuck in that plastic jar, 
he must have been trying to get himself out of that thing for sure But it probably made his skin sore along the way The scars and traces that seem to show the time he spent 
struggling to get out of this plastic jar Vet: In the case of raining, he probably 
could have sustained by the water that flowed into the jar Thanks to the rainwater flowed into the jar, 
he probably was able to fill his thirst and keep himself alive As long as he takes the necessary nutrition, 
there won't be any issue with him! On the other hand, the neighbors came altogether
 to set up the dog brothers' new home! Also prepared a grand feast for them :) Neighbor: Since he's got himself free from that plastic, 
he should be fed well.. so hehe Soon after Neighbor: He's here~/
Informant: Gohd~ Well done to you~ The elder brother came back after the treatments, safe and sound! Neighbor: You got all lively again! Didn't you~ As soon as he steps out of that cage, he immediately marches towards the food How much has he been craving this normal, daily lives.. And the younger one's just staring at his brother wolfing down on the food And there, the two brothers got reunited once again As the younger one spots his brother, looking healthy and well, 
he starts to wag his tail for joy Informant: They were at the close call literally!
The entire neighborhood should take care of them, coming forward and all We've done that all this time, so it won't be much of a problem, I guess The neighbors have decided to look after the brothers from now on A miracle driven from the brotherly affection between these dogs Hope you all forget about the past, and have jolly days ahead of ya :)) 