After hearing the news that there is an animal taking care of his brother with disabilities, the production crew is heading to that house. Producer: Huh!? There, there! As soon as they have arrived, two geese caught their attention. However...! A goose collapsed on the floor, struggles as he doesn't seem to be able to move on his own. And the other goose is guarding him. Producer: Oh!!! The goose is very agitated and reacts harshly as the camera approaches close to them. The other goose is very vigilant towards the one that has passed out and keeps circling around him. Owner: Oh my gosh! What to do!! Owner: You've fallen down again, huh...What to do about you... Owner: If I'm not here, they're like this all day. This one's restless on the ground. Producer: Oh, he's bleeding... Wound all over the body Owner: If he's fallen down like this, he can't get up at all and his neck's all bent like this. Producer: His neck is bent? Owner: It is bent...It's bent like this. His neck is bent in an S-curved shape. And both sides of his frail wings are so bony... At first glance, his condition appears to be very serious. Owner: Oh my, what to do... But who is this goose that has been hovering around the other goose since earlier? Owner: Juju's older brother, Lulu Producer: Lulu?
Owner: Yes, Lulu. He guards sick Juju like this. Producer: He protects Juju?
Owner: Yes! Juju is the goose that's unwell. And behind him, the one who's been following the whole time is Juju's brother, Lulu. Worried that he might be apart from his younger brother, he follows very closely. Owner: Let's lie down here Juju is unable to control his own body. And Juju's brother watches closely over his younger brother again and again out of worry. What's the story behind these brothers? Owner: All of a sudden, his neck turned and he fell backward... Two months ago, Juju who was fine had suddenly collapsed... From then on, he wasn't able to get up. Owner: They said to just take him, 'cause they can't fix him. Owner: I decided to fix him no matter how much money it'll cost me...But they said they can't. Owner: How in the world would I euthanize him and bury him in the ground... But she's not the only one who couldn't give up on Juju. Lulu and Juju were very close usually, but Lulu has been by Juju's side more affectionately ever since Juju became ill. That is if anyone comes close to him... He spreads out his wings and threatens the opponents. And is willing to chase them to the ends of the earth if he needs to. Even cats were no exception from this. Thanks to his brother defending him all the time, Juju always feels at ease. Owner: He's got a hoarse voice.
Producer: Hoarse voice? Owner: Every day, the cat comes, the chicken comes...And he yells every time and his voice strangely became hoarse. He shrieked at every dangerous moment, so even his voice became husky. Whether Juju's sleeping or not, his older brother Lulu is on guard 24/7 and never leaves his side. And Juju finds stability under Lulu's warm comfort. A few days later Owner: Wanna try walking? Juju had been lying down without any strength every day...then he miraculously starts walking again! Owner: He started standing up, now. He started getting better a few days ago. His walking still seems unsteady, but he still carefully tries to walk step by step. However... After walking a bit, he quickly turns upside down. Lulu approaches Juju who isn't able to get up on his own. It seems as though Lulu is cheering for Juju to try harder...! As if Juju read Lulu's feelings... Juju tries his best to get up! Owner: It's truly a miracle. That really is. 
Not a single person said he'll live. Daughter: I thought he wouldn't be able to live for a few days. But then, I was surprised today. Owner: I think the two had been depending on each other so Juju's been trying to gain strength to live longer. Is it possible that Juju's been able to withstand the pain the whole time thanks to Lulu being by his side to cheer him on? Soon after, Juju fell again and Lulu who isn't able to do anything about it raises his voice and shouts for help. Owner: Oh my, oh my...He fell down again. Oh my! For Juju who keeps falling down, she had come up with an idea. Producer: What's this?
Owner: I've studied this. Owner: Now, if I do it like this, he won't fall down. Owner: So, I put him in here for a moment while I'm out. 
Or else I find him restless on the ground again. When the woman is out for errands, she makes sure that he doesn't get hurt when he's alone by kind of an orthosis that supports his body. Plus, when there's Juju's bodyguard, Lulu, is by his side...It's safe. Owner: I'll give your brother food too, so you eat your food. But doesn't eat his food... Owner: Lulu ate well before Juju got sick. But after Juju got sick, he only eats when Lulu eats. So Lulu doesn't eat at all until Juju eats... Owner: You need to eat to live! He can't eat on his own, so he has to be spoonfed. After seeing Juju eating, Lulu starts to eat as well. Then, the owner goes out after feeding them. That afternoon Goes back to visit them as they're worried if the geese are okay from the outpouring rain... Can't catch a sight of the two... Producer: Lulu! Producer: Oh! They're there! They're found deep inside the bushes. Producer: Lulu! They seem to be drenched in rain. Go to the center! Producer: Oh gosh, his neck is stuck. Producer: Oh, it's okay, it's okay. Juju is stuck in a tree, unable to move. Producer: Oh my...Looks like he's drenched in rain. Even Lulu seems to be drenched as well. Producer: Let's put him in that for now First, needs to calm Juju down...He must've been startled. Then, after putting on a towel to keep his body temperature from dropping... It is only then, Lulu seems to be relieved. Because he was hit hard by the rain with a frail body...He doesn't seem to have any energy left. Owner: Oh my gosh, did you get hit by the rain again? It's cold... Owner: Now, it's not too cold, huh? Sit down. Owner: With a weak body, you got so drenched by the rain. You won't stay still and had to get out, huh? Producer: He's so still.
Owner: Yes, he must be feeling good. Owner: So pretty!
Producer: He's pretty?
Owner: Of course, he is. Hehehe. In her eyes, Juju is just so pretty. While Juju is taking a rest, Lulu looks around again and again. Owner: It's not good for him. He won't eat either. If Juju grew up like Lulu, Lulu would've gotten a lot bigger than this. It's 'cause he's been worrying about his brother that he's like this. Next day Owner: Stay still. Mom will do it for ya. Looks like she's heading somewhere with Juju. Owner: I'm taking her to a big hospital and Juju will get his health examined and even take an X-ray. However... Lulu's worked up as Juju leaves the house... Owner: He's in the car. Get in, it's dangerous! Never in his life he was separated from Juju, so it must've gotten so terrified by this... Owner: I'm gonna be back soon! But he goes over the net again. Owner: I'm gonna be back soon. Don't follow me. Owner: Can't leave without him being like this. In the end, she decided to leave Lulu in the hands of her daughter who lives nearby. Producer: You're really worried, huh...
Daughter: hehehe... The older brother is worried about his younger brother as well. In order to accurately determine his current health, detailed examinations such as X-rays and blood tests were taken. Vet: here, the bone in the front of her chest to the curvature...It's already hardened into a shape of a question mark. That means Juju's neck vertebrae have already hardened in a bent shape. Vet: Rather than straightening the bone by performing surgery right away, you should try to maintain this state as well as possible now. And when his health improves and stabilizes, it would be appropriate to have surgery then. Need to build up his stamina for another miracle to happen... If nutritional status improves and his physical strength recovers, surgery is possible. There's no other better news than this. Owner: Because the vet said he doesn't have other diseases, I'm relieved. Owner: I'll try my best! The next day after the visit to the hospital Herbal tea made with ten medicinal herbs Owner: Oh my, you're eating well. Now, he's trying to eat on his own. Haha. And she decided to create a safe and cozy space just for Lulu and Juju. A space created separated from other animals! She even placed a soft blanket in case he falls and hurts himself. Owner: Your brother Lulu and your mama will take good care of you. Okay? You have to eat well and stay healthy. Answer me, yo lil' man! Stay healthy! We wish for the best for the grandma and her sons :) 