Customers are kings. Skincare specialist : We consider a customer as a king, but this one He stays here as if this is his home (Before the clock hits ten to six..) Is it about time? Yeah, we're gonna open the door so as our special customer can come straight in Apparently, the special customer comes on time A few moments later Peepin' Do I have the face of a king? I'm here-meow Is this the nasty customer we've been talking about? Street cat 'Sarah' (Fewd gimme fewd) Shameless Since he comes by a lot, we bought the cat food just for him He eats, hangs out a little, and sleeps most of the time After having fewd Yawn- There comes the time to take a thicc nap And the time passes by just like that (Time to clock out) (Customer still in his sweet dreams) Excuse moi sir, It's time for us to go home Gosh time flies-meow The funny thing is Rushes out Doesn't even look back when he's clocking out Whenever I come outside, he rushes towards the car park, I have no idea where he's heading from there (Can't even see a single strand of his fur) When the clock hits six in the evening He naturally clocks in Films a LieV (Lazy a**) I'm sooo curious what is he up to, in the afternoon (That says, if anyone knows Sarah's whereabouts, leave a note) Can't hold back the curiosity Take the note around alright? Decided to put this note on Sarah's neck! Will someone be in contact? I don't think so Guess there's no one taking care of him He's always starved and comes injured from somewhere.. Anyway, I send the note. Come early tomorrow~ (And the next day, the sun rises once again) Meow~ 'Sarah' shows up as always A lot of them He brought some things with him LMAO I'm here-meow~ Waht Look at the notes! Come, here My god what's happening, this is so amazing~ (The owner of the 'Stationary store' in front of a school) (The owner of the 'Grocery store' where a dog, Chorong lives) (The owner of a 'Salon' who says Sarah has expensive taste) You don't stop by just here, don't you? You have expensive taste?
 (Shying off) Got busted.. Street cat 'Sarah' turns out to be a social butterfly.. Formed a group of the common butlers of Sarah Salon boss : He doesn't eat food for cats. Only eats fish, fish All this time, we thought we were the only ones who've been feeding him, so even on Saturdays, we waited late to feed him food But turns out he's been fed well.. That's why he got so plumped up and all The residents of this neighborhood have been taking good care of Sarah who has nowhere to go, 
from where they are And the last note left Is that from the owner? / I don't think so This says, he's always been sleeping on the top floor of a villa 
(in the middle of the night) Yet, the note tells neither contact details nor the location of the vila If so, the very last resort Location tracking device (Count on you) Every ten minutes, Sarah's location is being updated After 10pm, Sarah only stays at one place Would that be the place where the note pointed at.. He's here Where we met Sarah is.. A top floor of ruinous villa The reason why 'Sarah' never leaves this place every night is -To be continued in Part 2- 