*We'd blurred the face of the informant due to her request Where we headed after having the emergency call 
is a village in the suburb Informant: Hello? / 
PD: Hi there, we're from Kritter Klub We're at the ** museum at the moment Informant: If you come up from the museum a little more, 
you'll see a house on the side there As we walk along the path PD: Isn't that it? There? /
Crew: Where? PD: Ha! That vinyl greenhouse, there..
That's the place Informant: Can you walk in, keep yourself on the phone Yet! Whimpering Whimpering~ PD: Oh? I hear whimpering from the inside! 
I'll call you right back ma'am! A suspicious whimpering coming from the inside..! The crew carefully walks into the vinyl greenhouse First thing caught into our sight was a dog, looking pretty anxious Yet, as we looked around, it isn't just this one living within the cage PD: Is that.. a dead body? / 
Crew: Yeah What's been found in the middle of the dogs alive, 
is a dead body But this was only a beginning From the dogs who were dying, putting each other in their arms, 
in such a cramped space To the one who passed away with his eyes open.. Every corner of the vinyl house, dead bodies were found one after the other A horrific scene that is hard to witness with our own eyes PD: Sixteen of them? / 
Crew: Eighteen actually PD: EIGHTEEN? Only from this place? Who, or why on earth would someone drive all of them to death.. The next day We paid another visit with animal protection activists The door's tied tightly with the wire, 
It's almost like a miracle to have these dogs alive.. Animal protection activist: Gosh! She's like skins and bones.. God.. Nothing but skin and bones,
the condition of the dog seems way worse than we all thought.. As we are worried, we've got some water for them to drink first PD: There you go guys..! As if she hasn't been drinking water at all for a while,
hurries up gulping down the water When the food can's poured into a bowl, 
she even sticks out her head to smell it As soon as the bowl's been placed inside the cage, 
she wolfs down on it PD: Take it slow! Easy and slow~ For how long she's been starving.. 
the bowl's emptied in an instant PD: He tried to dig a burrow,
to come out, I guess The traces that were left in every corner of the cage, 
in an attempt to escape They had to do their best to dig down
 that earth, that is frozen stiff Yet, a dog who's been watching outside blankly
came by the side of the dead body A few moments later, 
he pulls his dead friend's tail Shakes hard to wake him up, but he doesn't even flinch But, would he know that it's already too late 
to wake him up from the deep sleep? The bigger problem is that it isn't just one who's found dead There are a few bodies that were dumped on the ground
like they don't matter in this world Not only that, one was found skeletal, still wearing a leash PD: Ow, argh What's in the food packet, instead of food, 
there was a rotting dead body PD: What'd be the cause? / 
Vet: That's extreme dehydration. Simply put, he starved to death. There's none that can be called 'food' in the food bowl Only the teeth-marks were found around an empty bowl, 
which were gnawed by starved dogs.. The crew have decided to ask around the neighborhood Neighbor: Wait, you mean up there..? / 
PD: Yeah Neighbor: Guess, those are pet dogs? As far as I know it. PD: But you don't know who owns that place? /
Neighbor: No I don't PD: Do you know who manages or owns that place? Neighbor 2: He doesn't come from this place, he's an outsider. /
PD: Oh, is it? Neighbor 2: The owner's not from this neighborhood, 
he came from elsewhere, and raise the dogs here After a long time, asking around the village, 
we could find someone who knows the owner of that place The neighbor came by the place after he heard that 
most of the dogs had died Neighbor 3: They all starved to death, is it not.. 
They were good breeds, most of them were But I couldn't possibly imagine this man could do such a thing PD: Did you think that he's just fostering the dogs? Neighbor 3: Yeah, you can tell with the food bags The neighbor who's acquainted with the owner 
couldn't imagine he could do such a thing At that moment! A man walks into the vinyl house, 
all so sudden Animal protection activist: Who are you? / 
PD: Oh, you are...? Owner: Yes, yes / 
Activist: Sorry I didn't get you Owner: I.. uh.. /
Activist: Do you own this place? / Yeah A man came forward, 
saying that he's the owner of those dead dogs Owner of puppy mill: I raised them so far.. Activist: Oh you did? How did you know we are here? Owner of puppy mill: Ah, neighbors were talking about it, so Activist: I mean, how come you let them starve to death, 
in a cage! You could have cleared the bodies away
Look how they're laid next to them.. Owner: I was wrong for that, sorry 
I couldn't handle them as they were dying off How did he end up with all those dogs, when he can't even afford to keep them? Owner: I saw a job opening online, they were looking
for someone who knows about pet dogs.. So they said, they'd like to invite me for an interview and.. Owner: After almost a year, I guess? Then, they stopped sending me funds 
to run this place, as well as my wage PD: From the company? Owner: Yeah, and one of the colleagues quit the job, 
and I was left all alone Even if I try to feed 40 dogs, 
it costs me $350 per month I can't handle it anymore so it went like that.. Dogs that were once raised for profits.. Yet, once they've lost their 'value' as pet dogs, 
they were thrown away without mercy, dying in the cold But the pure souls still love their owner,
 no matter what he did to them Owner: I feel pity for them every time I see them Whenever they crave food, I can't do anything since I can't afford it.. The owner, who kept making excuses, 
eventually sheds tears Even though it's too late already, 
we should save these two at least! PD: For the sake of the dogs, and for the sake of your economy Wouldn't it be better for them to find a better environment, and a better owner to spend the rest of their lives, isn't it? So the owner decides to let them go Yet, there came up another problem we've never expected! For some reason, this one refuses to leave the cage! We barely brought him out of the cell, 
but he's like standing on thorns, out of fear Activist: They are raised only for breeding, 
spending all their life caged They are relatively faint-hearted, and timid Those two who barely survived in such a hell-like place could finally escape from that hell hole Where we headed after the rescue is an animal hospital, 
located in Seoul Quite worried by their health, 
since they starved and shivered in cold for quite some time Vet: We've done several tests, 
but there's nothing to worry about. besides the anemia that's been caused by starvation The results said as long as they've recovered from the anemia,
everything will be fine! The only thing left is to disentangle the hair, 
and trim all that off As his hair's shaved, his body looks so skeletal However, what's more concerned isn't their body, 
but their wounded hearts Vet: We call it psychological trauma.
We can't guarantee that they won't suffer from the trauma Because their close friends are all gone anyway.. They were wounded by people, but also, ones who can soothe their wounds is people's love and care They'll be under aa protective shelter's care, 
waiting for a new owner And lastly, the final thing to do is to retrieve all the dead bodies There were 26 of them in total! The retrieved bodies are kindly wrapped in tissue papers, and 
placed in the boxes prepared beforehand And they were transferred to a pet memorial nearby Those who had to face the end of their lives, unable to get the warmful touch of hands, or love from this world All 26 beautiful souls are freed into ashes, and 
ascended to heaven up there Activist: Hope your life is happier up there.. We wish their last moment on earth wasn't so lonesome Activist: The abuse that is driven by negligence commonly occurs in our society This should also be included in the realm of animal abuse, and 
should impose a punishment from here onwards What can protect these powerless animals 
is our attention and love for them 