Bus driver: I saw a dog sitting there while I was driving I just thought 'Oh, a white dog' then drove past it but, I noticed that the dog is always there... Passenger: We see her always 
on my way, she's always there The bus driver and the regular passengers of the bus say that there is a dog wandering around on the same road... The production crew decided to go where the dog is found When we were heading there by bus Bus driver: There she is! Where she points at there is a dog...! Having a close look, she's a Chow chow dog! She's on the road, well dressed... The driver packed some food and got off the bus The bus driver started feeding her time to time after asking passengers for understanding Bus driver: March~~ March, c'mere~~ She named her March, as she was found in March The driver has been taking care of her But, March would still freeze and run away upon seeing people Running away from people, March went to the middle of the road... The production crew chased after her Production crew: Over there! We found March sitting under the guard rail She stares at cars passing by... She started heading somewhere It's so nervous watching her wander around on the road.. Fortunately, she passed safely March walks diligently and arrives at the place where the driver left food! After checking there no one is around, she started eating ... What's making her so anxious... she doesn't seem comfortable eating After the meal, she starts walking somewhere again Again, she's on the road As someone shows up on the road March runs away Local: I saw her a few times, she comes and goes around here Local: She always comes back to this spot though She'd run away from people yet, she always comes back to this place Local: She must have a guardian, she's dressed up... Seeing that she's wearing a dress, March must have a guardian! Perhaps, someone in the neighborhood would recognise her We asked around about her I don't know about the guardian, but I saw this dog this morning We were wondering if someone in this village has this dog We've never seen a dog like her No, never seen this dog around here No?/ No Unfortunately...no one seems to recognize her It's certain that she had a guardian..  how come she's left alone on the street? Did she lose her guardian? Or did someone abandon her? March only stays still on the road and looks at cars passing by all day... I think she's abandoned, that's why she's roaming around here The road is too dangerous for her Local: She's not afraid of cars, I almost hit her The accident could occur at any time, we decided to rescue her As our first priority is to lure her to a safe place The expert observes the site first..! Expert: This place is too vast
It's difficult to capture her in this open site We know that the tunnel is where she walks by often It's better if we try and capture her there... As March's scope of activity is broad we decided to set a capture frame where she comes daily to eat food She's very wary We have to give her more space and once she comes in, we'd rescue her! After all the preparation, we waited for March to come... PD: She's here Finally, she showed up! Nervously, waiting for her to come in...! March approaches the capture frame She's in front of the food! Now! We closed the exit Safely, March is rescued! It's okay, it's okay~ March must have been startled Expert calms her down and put her in a cage Hearing the news, the bus driver came to see her Bus driver: Thank you, Oh my, March! Bus driver: You've suffered enough. Go and get treated and groomed Thanks to the driver's care and report to us March could put an end to her street life We're worried about her health... Park Soon-Seok, Vet: She's still young! Not even plaques are formed She's about 2-3 years old Let's take this off, it's hot How come this young and docile fella left alone... Before a detailed examination, we cleaned her and groomed her Look how docile she is! March looks refreshed Now, it's time for the examination. Is March okay? Though she lived on the street, her health is good The blood test came out all fine, generally No infection, or anything like that... Thankfully, March is healthy! Now... let's see if she has a guardian Not here.. She's not microchipped Unfortunately, we couldn't track down the guardian... There is no medical problem and she has a very gentle personality I don't see any reason to abandon her or not to look for her if she's lost so I'm curious, too It's a mystery how this beautiful baby ended up on the road But we hope she live happily from now on March : Thank you for everything 