A cat getting on an elevator The fella doesn’t seem to plan on getting off the elevator… The fella waits pitifully until someone opens the elevator What story does this little feline fella have? Butler: This fella’s Bamtol and he’s a little fella we’re cherishing and raising at home Even inside the house, Bamtol stares at the door. Butler: He’s saying to let him out. As he can hear the elevator coming up, he’s waiting in front of the door to get out As soon as the door opens, he gets on the elevator in one breath Bamtol: Meow~ Butler: He knows everything. He knows that once he gets on the elevator it takes him to the 1st floor Catto Bamtol that waits for the elevator in order to go outside Even when he’s brought back carried in his butler’s arms, as if he’s regretful he goes up to the front door again and protests! Butler: Look, look. He’s sitting over there because he wants to get out again. That’s how he expresses it, saying ‘Let’s go out’... him licking himself… As he’s so stubborn to insist on going out every day, the mister is almost getting tired of solacing him Butler: Sigh you little punk. Whatever. Bamtol, you do you now Bamtol’s obstinate. What’s making him protest every day to go outside? Does he have something outside? Despite trying to ignore him, as he keeps on crying sorrowfully, the mister gives into him eventually… Butler: I can’t anymore. I wanna let him out and take him out for some fresh air for a bit. He’s frustrated Seeing him get leashed to go outside almost reminds us of a dog on the leash to go for a stroll Announcement: 1st floor, the door opens. Wondering how much he likes to come out to even understand the announcement Bamtol’s in a trance searching around! But, unlike dogs as cats like corners it’s a bit hard on the butler to accommodate his preferences Butler: No! You can’t go in there. Whenever he stops Bamtol from going somewhere as it’s dangerous, Butler: Do you hear him hissing at me? Do you hear him? After getting ample amount of fresh air Bamtol seems to be pretty satisfied… Butler: Let’s go, let’s go!! The mister insists on going back home, but he won’t even budge Butler: You shouldn't get worked up!! Although the butler tries to coax him into moving Bamtol chooses to stick his butt down Butler: Let’s go! Are you gonna be stiff like this? Eventually, he’s hauled in Arrived home after the fuss, but he still doesn’t want to get inside the house Butler: Get down, no? As the butler moves to bring him in, he moves on his own Butler: I searched online and looked up some videos and it turns out taking a cat out for a stroll isn’t fairly good for cats Butler: (But) since he gets so frustrated and stressed out… I thought maybe if he’s leashed it’d be much safer… so, that how we began to go out for some fresh air The mister says due to Bamtol’s persistence they began the stroll Right then, next to Bamtol, a different catto with a different aura appears! Production crew: Who’s this fella? Butler: Oh, this fella’s Yeppi. We figured our Bamtol was quite lonesome so, Butler: We asked around for a decent cat and came to adopt the fella Assuming Bamtol wanting to go outside was due to his lonesomeness, they adopted Yeppi as their family and fortunately, the two got along very well like siblings and are doing well with each other. Also, so that Bamtol doesn’t get lonely, the mister’s doing everything he can to change Bamtol, the escape catto’s mind But, nevertheless, he loses interest soon and becomes dull And again, he heads towards the front door Bamtol: Meow Bamtol: Meow Why is he, who was never a stray cat and who has already gone on a stroll so desperate to go outside? Butler: This is my guess… but, I think it might be because he has the habit of going out Butler: We lived in a house before and when we did, we had some open space in front and a rooftop Bamtol, who lived in a single-family house equipped with a yard and a rooftop until Last March… was able to go outside and play whenever he wanted to and the butler thinks his daily habit he had then has continued until now But, as he lives in a high-rise apartment, it’s not easy to go in and out of the house What should the mister do about Bamtol who cries all night wanting to go outside? The butler’s worried that the neighbors might complain due to Bamtol crying sorrowfully at night He says Bamtol’s behaviors have been getting more severe these days He goes and whines to the mister while kneading on him As these repeat every day the mister says he’s getting tired both physically and mentally… Butler: If he goes for the stroll just during the day, it’s manageable, but he cries desperately to go out late at night, sometimes at 2 or 3 in the morning Butler: It’s tiring me out. You know, we have to get some sleep and work as well Butler: Who is it? Intercom: Delivery
Butler: Oh, yes! While the butler brings the boxes inside the box at the door, Bamtol rushes out in a blink! Butler: Oh no, yo punk, where are you going?! The mister who’s startled chases after him, but he’s so fast… Butler: You little rascal went out again. Are you gonna keep on doing that? Meanwhile, Bamtol seems to be regretful of being caught… Decided to get help from an expert for the frustrated butler! Why on earth is Bamtol trying to go out? Cat expert: (Compared to the past) the territory he can move around has decreased and in the midst of it, the environment has become simple Cat exxpert: Part of it is sexual energy and part of it has to do with energy used for general activities. He doesn’t have a target to release it on For a tomcat, the activity area is 5 square kilometers! Bamtol who’s a tomcat has a stronger desire for activity area and as he still has the habit of going in and out of the house freely from the past wanted to go out even more! Cat expert: What I recommend is, first getting Bamtol neutered and next is to, we call it, ‘felinize’ the house, filling up the house with things customized for cats Cat expert: It’s to create a space and an environment good and interesting for cats to live in Along with the neutralization, it’s important to change his surroundings in a way that he’ll be able to drain his energy inside the house In order to do so, setting up a cat tower at a spot where he can enjoy the outside view along with some scratchers, bathroom, etc. just for Bamtol’s personal space! Spending his personal time here, it’s expected to reduce his urge of wanting to go outside! It seems Bamtol really loves his new personal space. Butler: He used to sleep during the day but, it seems like he’s pretty bright today What should the mister do upon Bamtol pressing him to go outside again? Cat expert: In the case of Bamtol, as he has already learned how to enjoy the outside air, it will be difficult to control his urges to go outside at 100%. Cat expert: So, what’s left is a guided stroll. A stroll taken under guidance and assurance of safety It’s said that for cats like Bamtol that urge to go out, a stroll can help! But, a double harness that aligns with the body is a must! Cat expert: For preventive measures, it best to transfer the cat to the space safe for a stroll in a carrier For cats that are known to be wary and sensitive, rather than a spot that has many risk factors a quiet part that doesn’t have many transits of people, dogs, and cars is good for strolls After arriving at the stroll spot, it’s good to give the cat more than 5 minutes to get used to the strange environment! On top of that, a GPS tracker just for safety measures! Cat expert: (While holding onto the leash) just wait for him. Don’t urge him (the cat) into walking but just wait for him Waiting for Bamtol, accommodating his behaviors Cat expert: Right now, him sniffing is a crucial activity for him If the cat gets startled or worked up, it’s safest to stop the stroll and put him inside the carrier. And, Cat expert: If it’s somewhere the cat shouldn’t go to, then hold the leash firmly and block him (with your body) Bamtol and the mister are learning how to take a safe stroll! Like that, they learned the right way to go out for a walk and as soon as they’re home he fills up the bowls with cat food Butler: All our family will put in much more effort for Bamtol Butler: Bamtol! Stay healthy and live a happy life, okay? I love you Bamtol! Bamtol’s definitely best when it comes to replying Bamtol’s peculiar leave has reached a turning point so, as long as they all keep to it, he’ll be able to live happily, right? Bamtol! Stay healthy and happy!!! 