Never imagined that we'd encounter such a situation Husband: Careful Careful /
Informant: I just got the surgery and in this kind of situation. Informant:  So there's nothing I could do for now What made them feel so uncomfortable turns out to be.. PD: Huh?? My god..! These little baby kitten...! Haven't been a fortnight since this one was born, and haven't even opened up its eyes.. Yet, how did she end up in this house rather than in the arms of her mother? Informant: If her mother left one who's opened its eyes, and all, we'd try our best to keep her.. but she hasn't and that scares us so much.. So we went to the hospital and told them about it, and they said it'd be hard to raise her, saying the toughest part of it is keeping the temperature. This couple rescued this tiny soul, who's been getting cold 
in isolation and has been keeping her under their protection The CCTV footage carries the whole story of it After the couple moved to a bungalow that has a huge garden, 
they've been feeding the stray cats.. Husband: Since we keep giving them food, 
if we tap on the bowl, they'd come by, even in the middle of playing One day, they found one of them (Maknae) with a bloated belly, so if she might give birth at any time, they made a room for her safe delivery in the corner of their garden Husband: She literally had nowhere to go, so we set up a box for her childbirth Thankfully, Maknae was able to give birth safely 
in the room in which the couple set up for her As she was coming and going after giving birth, feeding herself as well, 
so we both thought she's fine But one day, she just collapsed, just slightly. So we were like, 'what's wrong with her,' and watched over. But she gradually does it more frequently From one day, she looks a bit strange while walking.. In the end, she began to drag her feet around more often Informant: And she went in to have some food, but never came out since. Even after a day. For some reason, she hadn't been coming out from the delivery room.. Suddenly began to move the kittens to somewhere else..! Husband: Thought she brought every single one of them, but heard meowing somewhere. So I looked into it, and there were two of them. One dead, one alive. The one alive was crouching down, but she was going cold Unfortunately, the mother wasn't able to move the rest two, 
and out of them, one was found dead.. The other one's in a severe condition as well, 
so the couple brought her home and has been taking care of him Yet was the mother 'Maknae' going to move the rest two as well.. Even in such a condition that it's difficult even to take a single step, she was heading towards her babies. But soon enough, she seems to lost the power.. She turns back and hides underneath a pile of woods instead Husband: She didn't go up there
PD: 'Cause of the legs Husband: She physically can't, can't go up there 
PD: You don't think so? / Yeah at least, not today Is she in such a terrible condition that she won't be able to join the kids,
even after moving all of them, exhausting all her powers? She hid the babies somewhere out of our reach, 
and has been a day old, since she hid herself underneath this pile PD: Woah.. it's piled in layers, can hardly see anything Husband: Maknae!! My legs are too frail to climb up there, but try that side. 
There must be kittens somewhere PD: So in that case, would the kittens be unable to have milk at the moment? Husband: They wouldn't.. since the mother came down today morning. 
They've been starving the entire day.. It's worrying that the rest of the kittens might go wrong at any moment PD: Don't see it?
AD: Yeah, don't see any PD: Where did she hide them..? At that moment..! AD: Can hear mewing somewhere? Oh, guess it's coming from this side PD: Ooh Can hear that! From up above the three meters high wall, faintly heard the meowing The wall's steep enough for a healthy male to climb up.
Can a cat with unwell legs bring her kittens up there..? PD: Ah! They are here! Here! Oh gosh.. Thank goodness, they are all gathered in one place PD: Four of them..! Informant: Did yo find them? PD: Yeah! We found them! Four of them!!! Informant: Four? / PD: Yeah! If they're left like that, this might be more dangerous as the night goes colder, 
so we decided to rescue the kittens first All four kittens are looking fine and well Informant: Gaaahd. They all look stunning. Adorable. Gosh
PD: They are, aren't they? Informant: Gosh, the yellow one and the rest, they all look so beautiful /
PD: This one's opened its eyes. Informant: Gohhd, this one's opened her eyes, honey.. Informant: Aw.. I feel sorry for them.. After birth, she wanted Maknae and her kittens to live happily ever after.. Informant: I feel sorry for the mother, honestly..
I've been feeding her for months But I really don't know what happened to her.. I'm really sorry for her.. She went like that while I was gone for hospital, that really breaks my heart.. 
Especially that part.. As if she doesn't want anyone's touch or attention, 
she kept herself locked after locating all her kittens up above the wall Husband: We can put the delivery room there, with the kids and 
put in before the woodpile, isn't it? So she can come out hearing the sound of her kids' whimpering,
we've placed the box right beside the woodpile Even for the sake of the kids, she'd better come out.. After the day's gone down The mother's yet to show herself out Informant: Look, she's trying to come out through here. Informant: She just pooped PD: Are you trying to warm it up? /
Informant: Yeah I heard if it's too cold, the baby's easily startled by it~ The couple's been busy due to the unexpected parenting befallen upon them Informant: Heard they poop when they're being touched on the bottom. 
Do it, hon. It's okay~ Informant: Never have done this before. 
Who would have imagined me parenting newborn kittens Informant: Right, Right, cute little baby, well done In fact, the informant wasn't fond of cats, before she even met these little cuties. Informant: After watching a kitten eating and living in this house.. I began to love this creature. She's cleaner, quieter than I thought she'd be.. Aigo~ She fell into a sleep.. / PD: Is she? Informant: My god, you should sleep in there, 
I can't hold you while you're asleep, can I? So for that reason, she feels more precious about this baby Informant: My granddaughter's in her first year of primary school, 
she named her 'Lee Kang-Moo', so she could grow strong and pretty Kang-Moo~ The only thing left for you is to grow healthy! On the other hand, the other kittens are still waiting for their mother to come back.. At that moment! Finally, the mother, Maknae who was hiding under the pile, came out..! She hurriedly stuffs her stomach with the food prepared by the husband.. and quickly checks on the kittens.. Even by the whimpering of the kittens who are looking for their mother, 
she doesn't approach them readily.. Eventually, she drags her unwell body to somewhere.. We've expected the mother to take good care of the kids 
as she's particular for maternal love, yet she vanished into the thin air As the day cracks, the mister came out to look for 
Maknae who disappeared quietly Husband: She came down all the way here, look
You see the scratch right Husband: Guess she dragged herself to this side. 
And came through the woods, and went to that side I guess Suspecting that Maknae's hiding somewhere behind 
that land, near the couple's house Rescue team: Since Maknae wasn't seen from the dawn.. 
it's been quite a while already, right Most cats are known to die in the deep corner, 
somewhere isolated, somewhere they feel comfortable She might have gone for that.. If we find her a bit late Must find her before we're too late. PD: Ha.. where has she gone.. PD: Found her?! /
AD: Here, here!! Neighbor: Here here, that side!! PD: She's here! For Maknae who must be shocked by the sudden situation, 
the rescue team carefully places her into the cage And the informant's been waiting for this moment more than anyone else Informant: Maknae.. It's alright, everything's alright Thank god.. we're just trying to help you out.. By the news of her rescue, a vet hurriedly arrives to the scene Vet: Well, the wound she got from biting, that caused an infection and hurt the nerves which could have caused paralysis. The thing is, if the paralysis is originated from neural damage, 
 this requires a golden time should run all the tests as soon as possible to prevent a permanent disability.. She was transferred urgently to the hospital Vet: As the teeth penetrated through, there must have been a massive infection caused, and that may have become a reason that pressed the spinal nerve Since the wound was caused by a bite and got infected, 
 this most likely have caused the paralysis of the hind legs [ Normal / Abnormal ] Vet: We will remove the infection, through 'drainage of pus', 
and will monitor her to offer her suitable, timely treatments How could she move all those kittens while she's in such a horrible shape? Vet: There are no other words to explain this other than the 'maternal love' she must have felt that there's something wrong with her body,
 when her babies most needed to be protected Since she felt hard to even walk, 
she sought for somewhere safer than where she initially was, just for her kids By the thought that she won't be able to protect her kittens in such a shape anymore..
she must have decided to take them all somewhere else and gone to face her very last moment.. For the sake of her babies, whom she desperately wanted to keep safe, 
hope she holds tight and gets over this obstacle safe and sound Will happiness come upon Maknae at last..? To be continued in Part 2.. 