Yoongu's room (Googlimal) How to get closer to my dog Yo, wake up from yo dream Waht..? One Only taken two steps tho.. Everyone out! He's mindfully taken two billion steps away from him Hey momo Making a circle now.. Making a circle now.. Turning in a circle as I run to the house Yoongu's sistah: Momo, snack! Let's have some snacks, Momo! Can spot Yoongu's hair He doesn't come around as he knows Yoongu's in the living room.. I'm leaving Woah.. He's coming out immediately;; He's about to get really happy.. But then Peekaboo!! He left again Wire.. / Watch out the wire!! Wowww... He always watches out for Yoongu's room 
and gets full-on ready to run his a** off. (Ready to go) Faaar distanced.. Maybe he ain't..? As always.. I just wanna give up on him.. and leave this household. That's some good idea That is nono Yoongu's mom got a phone call about 6 years ago We got a call saying Momo hadn't been adopted yet So I came forward to take him in, but he was different from Mingkie. Mingki who was brought home 10 months earlier than Momo He's a full master of adapting Unlike Mingkie ISFP I was kind to him whether or not he approaches me, then he lifted his guards off How mom became friends with Momo Yoongu's sistah: Since dogs are easily scared, 
thought giving attention would be poisonous Which is why I don't touch them at all. Though I want to, of course!! 
 But I tend not to touch them anymore How sista became friends with Momo Yoongu: When he(Momo) first came, I'd been trying for a month..
 to be friends with him Gave him treats while having a walk.. 
 but still, he ran away whenever I tried to touch him Then we just drifted apart.. So when I wanted to give them a kiss I chased them after instead, since they're not coming to me (12 y/o Yoongu) Lee Chan-Jong/ Esac Training Centre :
The action he's given to be friends with has been taken as an offense to Momo. And as the time being, Momo must have felt more scared as he's grown up large and the voice thickened Forgive meh.. That ain't gonna happen Great~ Reward him a snack here, and then come down Who and where am I..? Momo's watching Yoongu lying on the floor, right? Then Momo senses that Yoongu has no intention to harm him. And also, when he's stepping on Yoongu, that gives Momo some confidence. Right, Stop~ Swish Good memory Oh my freaking goddd PD: How long has it been since you gave him treats like this? Like this? NEVER DID How shocking hahahah Wait Not interested Wait Yoongu, go and come back again~ And comes back.. And indifferently, hands him a treat Woooah~ PD: Ma'am, when Yoongu comes out at this kind of moment, 
he normally runs away, right? Coming Right, good boy~ Fluffy Fluffy There was progress in their relationship. If Yoongu offers Momo what he likes, then it'll defo get better from here Dragging.. Momo surely looked like he's being dragged, but Yoongu and Momo are walking at each other's pace, without noticing Noice This is brilliant Yeah, it's just miraculous. Thought it would never happen in my life If Momo likes it, I like it too Now Yoongu can be in charge of strolling Momo, right? HAHAHA I can dew it!!! 