A mysterious dog came upon a doorstep one day House owner: Gilsoon, you shouldn't be here, come! The dog's glued to the floor, doesn't even flinch at all House owner: Gosh! Don't do this to me! House owner: I ain't your mom! Ain't your owner! I ain't! She's trying her best not to step down from the porch.. House owner: Come this side
Leave, go home! Yet, she soon lies down on the road right in front of the house Gilsoon doesn't seem to leave for home anytime soon Car honks Despite the cars' honking, she doesn't even make a flinch Dangerously lied in the middle of the road House owner: Doesn't move even when cars passing by, huh? People complain to me while passing by.
Telling me like, I shouldn't let a dog out here like that.. The lady eventually brings Gilsoon inside the house Yet Whimpering~ Whining~ Though she was brought in just like she wanted She's become all fidgety as she wants to go outside As the door's opened, she seems to find the freedom for just a sec But soon enough, she finds her seat near the porch PD: Why wouldn't she leave this place tho? /
House owner: To be honest, I can't even guess.. Don't know the reason why House owner: I just consider her my debtor, as she's chasing me around From two months before, 
Gilsoon came upon the porch of the lady's house, out of nowhere and has been wandering around the house the entire day However! PD: Uh, the color here.. House owner: It's obvious, the mark of the leash on her A significant mark of the leash So we've decided to ask around about her a bit more Villager: Don't know where this one lives, but she comes by sometimes Villager 2: She is not from here Villager 3: She's an outsider /
PD: Ah, you mean she's come from outside the village? / Yeah, she is Gilsoon made her appearance in the village one morning Been wandering about the village, and only after two months, 
 she's nestled down in the lady's house What has caused her to become a wanderer.. Yet.. As a truck approaches, Gilsoon immediately kicks off the road Looks fine while the truck isn't around, 
 but she freaks out whenever it is around Perhaps, Gilsoon carries a traumatic memory related to the truck? There's another thing that makes us puzzled to understand *Barking* Gilsoon suddenly begins to bark at the passers-by PD: Gilsoon, come over here! C'mon! The more we try to stop her, the louder she gets What was the trigger that led her to lose her temper? House owner: Gilson, come here! No! Shouldn't bark! House owner: She's scared of people in black clothes, black caps Lifts her tail down, and pull her guard up, scared of the people On one side, Gilsoon's too friendly to those she met for the first time On the other side, she turns furious whenever 
she sees a man in dark-colored clothing and a ball cap As a man in a black ball cap turns up, Gilsoon leaves her seat in tension House owner: Gilsoon, come here! What kind of life she's been going through.. Out of pity, the lady decides to bring her in into the house House owner: Gilsoon, here 
This side~ Finally, Gilsoon's dream has come true Yet, the happiness only lasted a second Gilsoon once again fidgets over the closed door As if she's looking for something, 
breathes heavily in cry As if she feels that she has to leave this place, 
she struggles to get out of the room As time passes by, the anxiety gets worse and worse Trying her best to find a way out House owner: Ah! That's where you tried to go out!
PD: Ah, that's where the sound coming from House owner: Ah, since the window's open, 
that's why she tried to leave through there.. House owner: Gilsoon~ House owner: Were you scared?
Was it scary, when you were alone at home? Look, she doesn't seem to panic anymore, 
Everything's fine for her if the door's opened, even on one side Gilsoon perhaps have claustrophobia, feeling scared of the closed, tight space Her reaction towards the cage doesn't seem typical.. House owner: Gilsoon, let's go in. Get in there Get in, let's have food Despite the well-prepared meal placed inside the cage, he won't ever walk into the cage if it's placed inside the cage, House owner: Gilsoon~ Come on in~ As she put the food bowl outside, then only she came for a meal Perhaps it's because of the cage put in front of her, 
she doesn't seem to be at ease The fear she feels of a closed space, and the wariness towards people in particular attire, or particular cars What do odd behaviors that Gilsoon's been really showing mean..? Vet: She feels an extreme horror for a closed space, feeling extremely obsessed Again, the fear towards the cage or particular range of people, These factors might have comprised an environment 
in which Gilsoon felt most terrified So I suspect, she was once captured and brought somewhere..
that's a most likely situation she might have gone through Possibly, all this time, Gilson might have gone through 
an indescribably terrible, cruel time in which we can't even imagine Must have been wandering about the streets as she's got out of that dreadful trap 
with all her might Where she reached at last, with a wounded body and wounded heart, was the lady's porch, in which she felt hope for the last time.. With a hope that she'll be able to be loved, and move on she must have been fighting against the fear she'd faced, for the past two months As much worrying as the wounds in her heart, 
the more worrying thing is Gilsoon's current health condition Yet.. Vet: According to the blood test result, sadly she's in a critical condition due to the severe level of heartworm infection How terrible, painful it must have been.. House owner: What to do.. huh? Gosh, what can I do for you.. hmm? Thankfully discovered her wound now at least The lady determines that she won't let go of Gilson, never ever again Proper treatment for Gilsoon finally began Gilsoon's adopter (Ex.House owner): Aigo~ have you been drooling a lot?
You felt nausea or anxious? It's okay, don't you worry, everything will be fine Vet: There will be some difficulties still, but for a fortnight henceforth,
some treatment that needs extra precaution will be held And it's important that Gilsoon withstands that process Gilsoon's adopter: You can do this, okay? Get well, and come to my arms.
Mommy's gonna be there for you. Okay? Gilsoon will undergo two weeks long intensive care While Gilsoon was in the hospital, The lady prepared a special gift for her Built a house where Gilsoon can recuperate after the treatment is done Gilsoon's adopter: As I'm here alone, this one feels like my mine, hahhaha "Gilsoon, mommy will be here, waiting for you" Let's see each other again, in a better shape 