A horror of hide and seek What's chasing after them is.. this kitty Like chasing after them massively.. The cat tries walking into the apartment smoothly.. LEAVE Look at him giving strength on his back leg tho It's been 30 min already Ey, may I check your identity purrease Informant : He's not my cat but a cat been living in the apartment. He used to live in unit 101, and since he saw me, he kept coming into my house. He wouldn't go anywhere, even if I put him out over and over After hour-long hide-and-seek, the informant brings the cat inside eventually Look at his smooth steps tho Informant : He always leads the way, so busy huh Watching him naturally taking an elevator make us go cray;; And again, goes into the house naturallly.. Informant : Uh!! ARGH The ungrateful punk throws a meowy punch at the dog of this house 'Maru' What the fluff man? Informant : Happy, go out, let's go out, happy No mercy for such ungrateful child like you Informant : No, don't come You shoud've behaved better, you fool.. Informant : He thinks he lives here The informant surrendered by his screaming meow resonating all over the village Informant : Ugh, you rascal.. Come inside! What should I do with you Now he's done with his business since he entered already That shameless look and his face and steps You brought him in again..? This is nonsense.. Cangster follows Maru Got frozen in that way as if he got nervous a lot Ugh..!!! Happy's merciless attack Informant : I got shook.. Thought he got hurt.. It'd be a disaster if his eyes get hurt Hurriedly moved away, but his heart got hurt deeply Why do you tease Maru!! I told you not to do so though, huh? They have no choice but to let him out even when he's pitiful and poor Because they can't give the dog a hard time because of the gangster kitty who showed up abruptly Happy keeps his seat as if he's a stone statue ?? Suddenly moves to somewhere..? What made him move was, of course, the informant Happy follows behind the informant who tries to pretend she saw nothing Informant : You're getting on my nerves, after seeing you following behind me Despite the running cars, the cat still walks after the informant The informant's getting anxious and concerned over such Happy Informant : It's dangerous because of so many cars out there He's eating me up, what if he gets hurt for coming after me when so many cars are running by Guess he thinks I'm his mom... I think that's how he thinks After a persistent proposal She let him in again.. She sits right next to the doggo and gives side eyes to his heat's content Walking on eggshells as much as he can in return.. Uh, happy, no, NO Happy got caught while he was trying to throw himself at the dog He made the mood get heavy once again.. Poor Maru.. Seems like everyone's unhappy except for 'Happy' Goes to the corner to avoid further conflicts, yet He follows behind the dog again.. What a nice catto life~ Informant : He takes up everywhere, this whole room..
PD : So cheeky huh Informant : Maru can't even come closer when he's here When the guest is sleeping deep and sound The onwer of the house gets anxious and follows the owner all around Suddenly, the cat gets up and goes somewhere..? Informant : Gosh, Maru!! Are you okay!? Let me see you Informant : Hey, get up. You can sleep in peace when you gave Maru a hard time Go outside, Happy, go out The informant became quite mad Now she really is thinking about letting him go She'd like to.. But it's not easy as she thought it'd be Informant : I can't only take the side of Happy, the issues for both should be resolved The decision didn't come easy because I couldn't raise Happy when leaving Maru like that.. Aren't there any solutions where both the cat and informant can be happy? Resident : Stray cats doesn't fancy people that much. I fed a stray cat once before But the cat wouldn't be like this, but he's peculiar Resident : He must have been a home cat, that's why he wouldn't go outside whenever he's kicked out From 2 months ago, the cat has been wandering about the apartment entrance He fonds of shoving into people's arms from the beginning with  the guard down Seeing him familiar with the auto door and taking an elevator, he must have been under someone's care Perhaps he had to part with his owner for some reason..? Ask around to find someone who may know about Happy PD : Have you seen anyone who lost a cat? / Keeper : No one raises a cat in this unit Resident : Cats would pass by quite often.. But I don't think I saw him before No one knew about Happy Happy will be staying on the veranda for a while for the sake of poor Maru's well being A week later They received an unexpected call on the next after they decided to keep Happy Informant : I was having lunch with people and we talked about the cat I sent my number and the picture of him, then the person I was talking to sent it to his/her friend That person was actually looking for him! Someone has been looking for him? Will he/she be Happy's owner? Pay a visit hurriedly Might-be-his owner : That's him right? He used to eat like this all the time
PD : Oh, that's him! PD : You're his owner then?
Owner : No, I first saw him when I went out to dispose of food waste, he was bony then I understood when I said "follow me" and then came after me Two weeks ago, the family brought the cat who lay on the ground with scars all over the body into the house Onwer : We had a dog who was old and sick Happy went out after multiple conflicts with the dog who was sensitive due to aging Being left alone on the street, he didn't want to lose the warm touch of people ever again and decided to stalk this lady. Hey~ Welcome Informant : Guess he's trying to say he knows her Owner : Nabi~ Owner : How could you disappear without saying anything You startled me, you rascal Nabi~ Will he remember his previous family..? Informant : This is crazy.. How can it be happening? My dog passed away 2 weeks ago because he got sick He'll be living a safe and happy life with so much love <3 