Haon, say hi~ Say henlo, henlo Henlo Acting charming as if we’ve met before despite being the first encounter Her name is Haon, and she’s 4 years old Haon, 4 years old Haon's favorite Guardian: Shall we head out? Head out? I LUV STROLLS!! Already excited hearing it (Jump) Production crew: Guess she loves to take a stroll Guardian: Super luvs it Even if we go out 3 times, she loves it just the same every single time (But) the moment her paws touch the ground going out for a stroll, things change Haon taking a stroll just like any other doggo Right then, (Cough) (Cough) Urgent Production crew: Did she see something? No no Oh oh!! Suddenly pukes !! Sigh... It’s okay... Calms Haon down.. Guardian: Literally, after the door opens and sometimes within 10 secs of taking steps on the ground she starts coughing. Then, those times she pukes in a minute There’s no estimation and I tried to figure out the average or any conditions But it didn’t have any relevance It's already been over a year since Haon started coughing and puking whenever out for a stroll (Eventually, hugs her and takes a stroll) Let me downn TwT If I keep carrying her like this, she struggles and tries to jump off Fwends! Let’s play togetha!! As a social butterfly, Haon runs toward her friends Henlo, it's good to see ya Again she pukes Oh no, oh no... (Cough) (Cough) Strolls are her favorite but she has to be carried back home like this every single time... As soon as they come back, she prepares food for Haon (Nom) (Nom) In a blink of an eye, empty Guardian: When she eats well, I am glad but there’s a difference between eating food due to hunger as she lets out her energy through a fun stroll and eating food on an empty stomach after vomiting everything out Guardian pities such Haon The symptoms she thought were of a cold continued for over a year... Guardian: Had separate examinations on the abdomen, chest, lungs, etc. and after that had an ultrasound on the abdomen and the heart.. said that she (Haon) is a special case as she doesn’t cough at all at home.. Used all measures and had examinations that she can possibly get but couldn’t find the cause.. Production crew: Was there a point in time where Haon’s environment and things changed? Guardian: At first lived with Haon’s brother, but as we moved out But even then it was the same whenever we moved out As the guardian moved out with Haon perhaps being separated from her doggo brother ‘Teo’ been the cause..? So Haonnnnn~~ Bro~~ Met up with him Doggo brotha Teo (SPURTING) Sharing water together She definitely seems happy to meet her bro again At that moment Haon vomits again... You okay? Huh? Tired? Even getting back together with her brother her vomiting symptoms doesn’t get better Eventually, with the slightest hope visited a hospital again Han Jae-Woong, Vet/ N Animal Medical Center, Nowon: Sigh... it is pretty severe. Just from looking at the video it seems like it's __________________ What’s happening to Haon...? To be continued in part 2!! 