Deep in the mountain where people stop coming around as the day falls Got the report saying that there's a living being 
that wanders about deep inside the mountain Glaring eyes shone from the pitch-black darkness What stepped out of the darkness was a dog, in such a petite body..! As soon as he encountered our crew, 
runs out of the scene as rapidly as he can!!! Climbing up a steep mountain path, he soon disappeared again 
into the darkness leaving us all dumbfounded Heard we'd be able to meet a petite dog next to a truck, after the 800 meters far climbing,
 along the neglected mountain path Is this the same guy we met yesterday..? Neighbor: He's always there, 
since 60, 70 days ago, circling about the cars and all Neighbor 2: Sometimes, he jumps on the car or barks all of the sudden, 
so that'd make us feel startled A truck that's parked deep in the woods He hasn't left this place for about 2 months already.. Sat before the truck, he blankly stares at the empty street Yet, at that moment..! The dog spots the passing car, and rushes out to the street..? As if he'd like to check the face of the driver, the dog chases after the car.. Yet, as he did check the face of the driver, he turns back to the truck again Neighbor: Maybe, someone who came for a holiday, 
 lost the dog or dumped Neighbor 2: Feel sorry for him seriously.. he's still waiting for his owner, constantly Follows behind the cars that pass by, 
and turns back as he sees it's not his owner Why was he left all alone in this lonesome place..? Is he still waiting for his owner to come and find him..? That afternoon, suddenly a monsoon rain is pouring While the rain pours, the cars even stop coming by, 
the dog still stays in the rain for some reason, keeping his seat heated How much time, expectations, and disappointment he must have endured.. By just imagining his pain, makes us all feel heartbroken. What made him wait this desperately.. and what relationship does he carry with this truck, 
where no one comes by.. all these curiosities are still left in question The next morning, 
we've decided to check the truck first thing Seemingly worn out the truck that appears to have stopped working PD: Oh? It's open! Got the slightest hope that the owner of the truck 
might have left some traces, but.. Couldn't find anything helpful.. But PD: There's a dog passed away underneath.. A dead body of a dog found from behind the truck, 
already began decomposing Perhaps, this dead dog's the reason why he couldn't leave the truck..? Neighbor: I mean, I live around here, so I see them. Often. 
If I come and go by this place, there were quite a few of them out here.. at least three of them,
 about a week ago There used to be three more dogs hovering around that truck To confirm the rumor, we've decided to put some food out there
and take some time to wait The first one who shows up first 
and eats the food is the one who kept his seat by the truck And a few moments after, Another one comes up from the overgrown bushes Though she's conscious about the surroundings.. They both seem to be familiar with each other. PD: Uh?! There, there!! Another dog shows up and turns back to where he came from 
as he sensed someone's presence! For now, it's confirmed that there are three dogs
that are keeping their seats by the truck Including the last one, there are four of them in total..! Similar body shapes, hair colors.. they look a lot similar in general.. Perhaps, they're coming from the same mother Leaving all the question unanswered, 
all four of them vanished into the thin air PD: Oh! There!! /
AD: Where? OH! Over there! In a flash, the dog rushed up the mountain and hid behind the woods In order to check where they're off to, we've set up 9 observational cameras We've decided to follow the traces along the path the dogs took Unable to even notice that anyone's behind them, they're hurriedly heading somewhere Where we quietly tracked down, there are some stone walls, and stairs in which someone laid upon And as if he's used to it,
strides up the stairs without any hesitations What is this place though..? PD: It seems like a fireplace, isn't it? Some trails of life are found here, of a fireplace and all From the demolished dwelling site to the truck at the roadside, 
the dogs have been travelling more than 1km every single day There are obvious traces left of a person who lived nearby, 
yet why only the dogs are left out here in the woods..? After asking around for long, we were able to find
someone who'd helped the old man time to time Lady: The owner used to be around. 
But he's passed, like, 50 days ago Their owner had difficultly been making a living by selling medicinal herbs deep in the mountain, with the five dogs Lady: He came to this town only with two dogs at first. But as the number of them gradually grew..
and saved his life one day, he said To him, the dogs were his precious gems..
And there's a story behind his reason Where he lived was quite far from the car, so it was hard for him to walk into the mountain while he was drunk So he slept on the bare ground instead. 
But in the next morning, he found himself covered with the dogs Thanks to the warmth coming from the dogs, 
the owner was able to save his life.. Hence, from then on, 
he put the dogs before himself for 10 more years And after the owner left this world.. The five dogs were left in the mountains, not knowing why has the owner left, endlessly waiting for the owner to come back at the exact place where they've welcomed the owner when he comes back from selling the herbs.. However, this endless waiting feels cruel for those precious lives Can't leave them in this barren mountain any longer Rescue team: If we push the resue too hard to catch just one dog, and fail as a result, the others might hide deep in the mountain on the other side, which makes it harder to find them again So decided to lure the least wary one first. As if this one's been starving.. He walks into the cage without any caution Succeeds in rescuing the first one Rescue team: We should tie him up or something, 
so we can watch over the others, and let them chill a bit This one's playing an important role to relax the others A sure method to bring the starving dogs together is.. Pork belly! Never disappoints us! Pork belly, "Come on buds" As if her mind's shaken by the smell of the grilled meat.. 
going straight to the cage!! Rescue succeeds for this one, biting the entire bowl in her mouth Vet: Did she bit the bowl? Gosh that's ridiculous. 
She's panicking with the food in her mouth She must have been really hungry. 
Even while she's in shock, never lets go of that pork belly (laughs) It's the third one's turn, the wariest out of all Without any plot twist,
succeeds in the rescue Rescue team: Got in..! And the rescue for the last one's done too! That's how all four of them are rescued, 
safe and sound Vet: They've lived here for about 2 months in the absence of their owner, so it'd be good if they can have overall checkups As they've been living in the mountains, where there was no one to take care of them, their health is the most worrying issue Vet: It's called Oriental Eyewarm, 
simply put, a warm is crawling inside the eye. If we just let it be, that'd cause infections like, keratitis, eye inflammation, or keratohelcosis, which can result in going blind in the worst-case scenario. 
So we should move straight on to treatment asap What's worse is.. Vet: The blood result says, he's got a disease called, Lyme disease. This only comes from getting a tick bite So if no further treatment is being done, this can possibly cause encephalitis, meningitis, or myocarditis so it's important to take care of it at the initial stage All say it's lucky that they could be treated 
before everything's gone too late Vet: They don't really understand what death means. 
So that leads to them roaming about the place they lived, and the truck wondering why their owner's not coming.. and keeps waiting and waiting So it'd be better for them to be near the environment they're used to, at least while they're getting all the treatments Not leaving behind the place where they shared memories with their owner, should wait for them to open up themselves.. Foster guardian: Guess I'd have to foster them until they find good people, so I'm setting up some houses for them Foster guardian: Right~That's your home now He'll take good care of the dogs, so they can accept the farewell with their previous owner and open up to new people.. PD: Wasn't this the wariest, most aggressive one out of all? Foster guardian: Yeah, this one was. He's rescued as the last, but you know, kids like him can adapt faster than the others, who knows Hope their deepening sorrow turns into new love one day 