A woman is feeling fidgety due to someone barging into her house at any time without a notice Home owner : The time's come for her to visit. She pays a visit to my house every single day, which gives me so much headache Speaking of the devil.. Meow~ Gosh.. What should I do with her As the cat cry gets louder, the shadow gets deeper in her face What do you want me to do.. Shoo! PD : Does she keep crying like that?
Home owner : Yeah, until I open the door for her Home owner : Open the door, you shouldn't come though.. Sigh.. You're driving me crazy A cat strides into the house as if it's her house as the door opens Meow~ What! Regardless of the home owner's loud scolding, she acts cute with her belly shown Home owner : She's a street cat. She wouldn't go out once she comes inside 'Nabi' has been paying a visit to this house for 2 months already Home owner : Get down, hurry! Quick! Not only that she barges into the house out of the blue and roam around everywhere She audaciously settles down with a cheeky look on her face PD : She looks like she's in her house She's acting as if it's her own house.. It's also disturbing for this family's dog Kong But then.. Nabi would rather throw a fit to Kong It's a sad and funny situation where a guest has become a host Home owner : How dare you! How dare you in my house! Huh? Come here, hurry! Nabi's kicked out eventually Leave! But Nabi can't take her step away for some reason... Soon after Nabi came back! Her destination is only one! She bawls loudly before the door of the home owner's house on the second floor Home owner : Gosh, what to do.. She's crying like that I can't help but open the door for her because I'd feel sorry for the neighbors downstairs and upstairs The lady open the door for the cat eventually by the cat's desperate cry as if pleading to open the door But the problem is Her belly has gotten huge now. The belly has grown a lot bigger than before she first came here PD : She has milk
Home owner : Yeah she does
PD : Aww, milk is coming out This ghosty kitty who settled down turns out to be pregnant! Moreover, it's not their first encounter Home owner : They're three cats. She brought her kittens They're her own children Last fall, Nabi came up with her kittens through the door which was open for Kong She placed food in front of the door out of pity for the 
 bony kittens Then one day, all went out, all of them A while after, she came up with babies in her belly in winter Maybe she's going to give birth here She might think it's a postnatal care center or something, I just don't understand.. Nabi who disappeared a year ago came back home when she's heavily pregnant Why did she come back? PD : Ma'am are you heading somewhere?
Home owner : I need to go to the hospital Home owner : Let's go, hurry~ Gosh. What should I do with that punk though Time is running out though, what should I do Nabi hides behind the fridge, worrying the lady might kick her out again Decide to watch her through observation cameras for the sake of the heavily pregnant kitty who will be left alone As soon as the lady leaves, Nabi gets up and comes down She's acting weird as if she's trying to find something The cat looks into everywhere, finding a secret spot Perhaps her delivery is due.. As the lady comes back, Nabi pretends as nothing has happened Home owner : She must have tried getting into here. She got in here and messed up with the bags What have you done, huh? Did you make trouble? Seeing her looking for a secret spot of the house, her delivery must be due Decide to get help from the expert for an exact diagnosis Vet : Seeing the spine bones completely formed, she must have been pregnant for over 50 days and as the size of the fetus's head is about 2.25cm circle, the delivery is due Nabi's delivery is due within a week Then why did she visit the lady's house with her full stomach? Vet : As she gets extremely sensitive and wary due to pregnancy She could become aggressive towards anyone whom she's close to Regardless of this, the fact that she acts cute and snuggles into the lady's arms indicates that she has strong trust in the lady and feels at ease around her Nabi bore babies in the stomach again in such cold winter The cat whose shoulder felt heavy for raising her children by herself must have thought of the lady who helped her with such warm heart The relationship between Nabi and the lady resumed after all Home owner : I think I should give her a hand She fancies me and I can't renounce her, so I gotta help The lady lets her stay in a master room for the sake of a safe delivery Nabi, have babies here, I will help you~/ Meow~ A few days later The lady watches Nabi while holding her breath, with the lights off in the house PD : Are you going to watch her over like this?
Home owner : I should, for an urgent situation. I will watch her until the end Perhaps labor pain has kicked in.. Home owner : Oh, kittens are coming out
PD : Do they?
Home owner : Yeah, they're coming out! Soon after the labor pain begins, three lives spit out their first cry Nabi who became a mother licks her kittens over and over despite the pain The labor pain kicks in again when the kitten who hasn't open its eyes yet shoves into her belly Gosh, that must be painful AT the moment when the cat gives her best shot to push harder Another life comes out to the world After 5 hours of delivery pain, Nabi holds two kittens in her arms Yet there's another kitten in the stomach Home owner : Oh no, she's exhausted already Panting harshly, Nabi uses all her strength Gosh.. Coming out! That's how Nabi embraces three kittens who look just like her The happy moment where both Nabi and the lady are thrilled Home owner : Nabi~ Aigoo, you gave birth? / Meow~ You are such a good girl~ Nabi's acting cute like a baby to the lady as if she's feeling at ease now The lady's preparing food for postnatal care, like she's taking care of her own daughter Nabi drinks up the seaweed soup The kittens who are born healthily are more than a special gift for both Nabi who wanted to keep her children safe and the lady who gave everything to Nabi Home owner : I'm feeling great that what I've done went well for good as both the mother cat and kittens are healthy Our meeting was no coincidence; it was meant to be <3 