Running at full speed! Feet are faster than eyes! Shapely legs Muscular chest She's an Italian Greyhound The fastest dog on earth, 70 speed per hour.. Faster than a horse.. Brrr (Not fast-rewinded) Including all these lil pups, They're a nuclear family, consists of thirty dogs Among those sleek, skinny doggos.. (Found a fly in the ointment) Right. That was natural.. The one and only Border Collie, Candy Hey! This is watcha call a Border Collie! / Nice catch! One more! Hey.. Stop right there. Frisbee taken away Can smell.. the clumsiness We brought him to protect Greyhounds from big dogs, But, he ended up becoming an omega.. Easily scared, large by size but not by gut (Food time) The gist to fit into corporate life, Order Are they assigned their own seats? Yup. Got a place for each and one of them. 
According to their pecking order. No. 1 
Sergeant Shamp Strictly hierarchical society lol And at the most bottom of the hierarchy.. At the most bottom
Private Candy (7 months old newbie) Sneakily leaving her seat Wait! That Corporate life.. Definitely not for meh.. Soaked Drooools (Quite a hard-working type tho it doesn't fit him) (Ready~) Go! (Took 0.1 sec to react) Supa Proud HURRY (Washing off emptied bowl) Private Candy's this busy, yet No.1 / No.2 / No.3 Chillaxing Those who are at the top ranks, they're taking time to eat? Yeah. It's always them(low in rank) eating fast Shamp takes patrol in the middle of feeding herself Peepin' Peepin' She's so curious about them(other dogs) feeding However, (The bowl of authority) No-touching zone for the No.1's food, which is the principle Principle? Go to He**! Rushing towards Shamp's food Stop Right there! Shamp returns Boss, enjoy your meal~ Phew.. Intimidated It's time for napping! Crowded Crowded All the best seats are taken by those high-ranked ones That's why Shamp's at the window side Yeah, as she's at the top (Photosynthesizing) The intense world of hierarchy.. (A gauche kiddo enters again) No.1 Shamp 
punishes straight away Eventually right-to-have-sunlight taken away My name, Candy I ain't crying tho I feel the sorrow.. Bear and forbear.. et again.. Why do I have to put up with this!!! Private Candy finally bursts anger out - To be continued in Part 2- 