A house full of lovely cats yet, the peace has broken at the appearance of someone Who is this fella who shed the fear in this house? Butler: He’s Terry. He’s a boy Terry, the vicious, brought terror in this house Can this house find peace again? He’s cute and very charming Butler : He’s docile and gentle to me. But, he’ll become very aggressive towards the other cats outside As the butler opens the door other cats hide themselves as seeing Terry coming out Terry’s looking at them like a hyena In the midst of this tension, he walks toward someone It’s Minky, who’s hiding shivering As soon as he sees Minky, he attacks her recklessly The butler broke them apart., but Minky is shocked whilst Terry seems like he’s not done yet Butler: Terry!! You bad cat. You can’t attack your sister. Hmm? Don’t do that! Butler: You can't do that, Okay? Terry is grounded for attacking Minky Butler: Stay there It’s Minky that turns him aggressive. He’ll even have a go at her shadow Terry only attacks Minky And this happens frequently Butler: Minky’s ear was ripped, her eye was damaged the bigger problem is that Minky’s feelings are getting hurt Butler: Who did this. Who did this Minky. It’s okay PD: She’s unstable
Butler: she won’t eat when she’s startled Terry: Meow Minky is terrified of Terry that even at hearing Terry’s footstep Minky hides! How has this unsettling cohabitation started? Butler: Terry… IT’s been 4,5 months. I started taking care of him cos I thought he has a guardian… Terry was not her cat Butler: He was here. .As he’s well groomed, and he seemed like he was handled by a human. So she brought him to the janitor’s office Janitor: I think he went up there by accident. I did put up a public announcement but no one claimed him He suggests that she may have found him when he was abandoned by someone living here Like that, Terry had been isolated in a room for 5 months, waiting for the guardian He’s up to something, he jumps up to the window He escapes… Terry walks into the room with confidence Slowly… getting closer to Minkey Minky has sensed something, and she’s scard As a predator getting closer to its prey, Terry is near Minky Finally, a fight again The butler rushed to break them up, yet the fight is already unstoppable Terry is going to see how it ends The two are broken up Minky is terrified Butler: Come here I closed the door, how did you get out? Butler: You have to think of what you did Terry only go after Minky, what started this bad blood between them? Butler: At first, Minky hit and dahsed again and dagain. Then, one day, the table has turned. Terry became violent When Terry first got here, they had no problem. They could even share food Since when Minky attacked Terry as she was bothered by him Terry has been waiting for chance to attack her As time passes, the relationship between the two has gotten worse and Minky now lives in fea Butler: She’s pooped here… she must be startled As it could be dangerous for Minky we prepared a box that can help them reconcile, making them ease up around each other Whilst other cats come near the box, Minky is hiding in the corner If Minky keeps hiding, no improvements will be made Slowly narrowing down the gap between them Terry gives her a scary look Upon encounter, even this is too much for Minky, she runs away from him For 3 hours, we tried to make them ease up close to each other Can they become friends again? Cat behaviorist: It’s barely the case for cats to become friends after their relationship had destroyed like that Cat behaviorist: After an unexpcted cohabitation, Terry was bullied by Minky, then you tied him up. You isolated him in a separate room. He has so many bad memories I think it’ll be difficult for him to be friendly to Minky The best suggestion is to send Terry for adoption The guardian decided to send Terry for adoption A few days after, Terry's new home is decided Butler: I thought of him as family.. It’s sad to see him go. I feel sorry, too.. This is the new butler Sumi’s house Sumi’s heart for Terry is showing around the room Sumi: I bought the toilet, yesterday Finally, Terry meets his new family Sumi: He’s so cute! I’m falling for him Terry is a little confused, but Terry is very social He’s already showing his lovely character! PD: Do you think you can raise him well? 
Sumi: I do. I hope Terry adapts well here PD: You’ll be living with him for over 10 years!
Sumi: Hey, we’re going to live together for long~ 