I thought how can it go so low.. "I was totally astounded after the truth came upon my face" "I honestly think this is literally a fraud" 'Dubu's previous owner : I guess it's been 3-4 months since I sent the dog (to the company) Where I sent my dog is _____ Where Dubu was found at  'A hell-like dog farm' EP.08 The Passage of Hell Crew : I have a question for the one who gave him up for adoption (his previous owner) If you wait on the first floor Crew : Do you also run the company(on the first floor) together? / Yeah The business on the first floor where the entrusted company runs together is.. a 'Pet shop' where they do pet adoptions And.. An empty kennel and pet supplies placed in front of an entrance Then who's Dubu's adopter? Dubu's previous owner : Could you give us the contact of the man who gave him up for adoption once again I came here to check that The staff member heads to the office About 10 minutes have passed.. You haven't found it yet? Crew : You didn't come out even if I wait for long... How long do we have to wait for more? / We'll dig on it more Soon after The staff member came out with documents Who's on the paper? Dubu's previous owner : Show me if the name 'Dubu' is on the paper exactly We're not in charge of paper works, so.. / Then who wrote this? Let me see Just the front page here I'm just gonna check the front page here Where the rest after the administrative distrct in the address? Adoptors usually fill in the adoption application form / You're right But you said nothing when the adopter didn't write the full address? An address is not what we concern, just a contact number is.. So you don't actually go check adopters' home when you send dogs for adoption? No, we don't If someone random comes after applying for adoption The adoption agency should keep and manage the basic information about them, such as their address and identification number All were not managed at all They just know which city or dong(an administrative district in Korean) We just know it by feelings We couldn't get a certified copy of that person.. How much did you get paid for sending Dubu for adoption..? Where are you from, come again? / SBS Can I check your ID card? The adoption fee mostly costs about $50 People with a bad intention wouldn't pay even that much So we set the bar to weed out those people For re-adoption, the adoption fee was set at about $1100 And after going through a planned procedure Dubu was re-adopted in exchange for the adoption fee, $50 They why Dubu ended up on a dog farm not in a shelter? We could finally reach the person (Dubu's second adopter), after a few attempts He/she took no minds and said "Ah, he ran away" Do you know which region he ran away to? To somewhere near 'Gunpo' How can a dog lost in Gunpo.. be ended up in a dog farm in Gimpo with a leash which he wore when he was adopted The company's explanation which is quite unacceptable I saw on your website that you do the follow-up service Do you have any pictures of Dubu being raised at home.. I will check if we have it Can we check if Dubu's re-adopted.. Will contact you later Can you not contact the person (who's in charge)? / No How can we trust that he's adopted to a new family? Whatever, believe it or not Whether you sue us or not, it's all up to you. If you do so, then we will tell everything we know Eventually, we couldn't check any materials related to Dubu's re-adoption Animal Protection Group 'Life' : "Is it true that he's re-adopted to a new family? I highly doubt on this I also aware of other firms which run similar business with this Various types of companies doing the service for relinquished pets where pets receive a caring service and are sent to good families Based on reports, most pets are ended up in a dog farm and their whereabouts after the adoption is not known Any information regarding adopters should go public But it isn't, in fact, even when victims require it When a lawsuit begins, Quite a lot of people don't get punished once a deal is reached Pets with wounded hearts should've been protected to avoid another tragedy, but they couldn't in such a sloppy system.. They can be abandoned or be taken in exchange for money.. in exchange of money.. No sense of duty at all, but just business This is how I thought, to be honest, I don't know what you guys would think about it though Animal Protection Group 'Life' : Is he(Dubu) really sent to a new family?
Staff member : Yeah, we sent him to a new family Animal Protection Group 'Life' : Are you sure about that?
Animal Protection Group 'Life' : I asked, if it's true? Staff member : We did. It's so baffling for us too.. How much pain an animal who can't speak has to endure in this land.. Lives left in utmost agony when alive and ceased as trash who are exhaustively exploited.. We wish 'Dubu's story won't be forgotten in vain that easily.. 