Someone came over to the hospital where the dog's staying..! Vet : He's had brain damage, so it can go worse 
if you call on her or stir her up You don't choice but to watch her from the distance for now.
There's nothing we can do about it. Somebody : Hope she turns this side,, she doesn't look this way,, As she's in the middle of concentrated care, 
no one's allowed to visit her personally.. Over the care room.. 
as soon as the lady sees the dog who's unable to even stand on her feet She begins to shed tears The lady : I adored this dog so much.. The lady says she's the owner who's been raising the dog for two years.. The lady : God, what should I do.. 
What am I going to do for her.. My Chorong The owner went speechless after seeing what's been done on Chorong,
whom she took care of as a part of her family She appears to take Chorong so dearly, But what took the owner so long to visit Chorong on the verge of life and death..? After a long hesitation, the owner began to open up The owner: I came back home, and couldn't find my dog anywhere.
So I pushed quite hard on him to know Chorong's whereabouts And my husband said he sent Chorong away for adoption, back then. So I began to lose my temper, he went out.
And brought her back home on the next day. PD: So he only brought Arong then? The owner: That's right. The next day, he brought Arong as she stayed
where she was left behind Whereas my husband went like, Chorong cut off the leash on her and ran away, 
that's why he couldn't bring her home. Yet, she still couldn't believe what her husband said.. The lady: I can't help but be suspicious of my husband.
The dog stayed right there, and she vanished into thin air.. Her husband told the dogs were kept in his acquainted friend's home, 
but Chorong tried to run away... would all his words true..? We've come to visit the husband after long persuasion, 
yet he says he's falsely accused The husband: Anyone can be suspicious of me. Can tell.. 
The whole situation points finger at me.. But I guarantee, I'm innocent Back then, I filmed Chorong and Arong, while they're on the move.. Since they've both been neglecting the problems caused by the dogs, 
every day felt like a war for the couple When I'm going to work, if I step on something soft, that's some shi**, or if something splashes, that's urine. 
You won't know how stressful that can be Their fight went on and on and on, and as this conflict escalated to something worse, 
the husband decided to.. Keep the dogs to another place only until the day his wife changes her mind.. The place where the husband left both of his dogs When both got loose of the leash, one had cut the rest and ran away, And the other took off of the harness and went to the bedding factory. 
So the boss there brought her back inside.. So on 6th (the day before the incident), I reported Chorong missing at the police station and took the one I found back home.. Though he remembers tying the leashes tight enough, The two of them cut their harnesses off with their teeth
 and escaped from the vinyl house By the time he came back after getting a call, only 
Chorong's sister, Arong was there, but Chorong wasn't 16 hours after the husband left, Chorong was found 
on the verge of dying at a place not so far from the vinyl house What's really happened to Chorong..? Sacks and shovels piled up around the vinyl house.. Perhaps, she might have got into something horrible in here.. Whether it was cut by Chorong herself or was cut by someone else intentionally We've asked for a better examination from the expert Expert: Can you see teeth marks here? See?
PD: Yes, There are quite a lot of teeth marks left on here, here,  and here.. yeah?
Guess the weakest part of it was cut off For now, it's confirmed that Chorong cut the harness herself Moreover, a result of the police investigation said..
Most of the husband's claims turn out to be true.. The police : Look this part here.. The day before the incident, around 10pm,
What's seen in the darkness, wandering about in an anxious manner was Chorong.. Soon after that, a huge vehicle appears giving off a bright glow As somebody takes off the vehicle,
Chorong runs in the opposite direction at full speed From the blurry screen, there's no way we could know what's happened..
Given the size and the shape of it, it most likely to be a fire truck. We were able to find the firefighter who went into action near the vinyl house Firefighter : We made a move around 21:37. 
At first, they were found on the roadside near the warehouse.. Crew : Both of them? / Firefighter : Both of them, yes Crew : Were they together? / Firefighter :Yes, they were They were together, but went to separate ways when they were running away. 
As both of them running, I heard a loud thud from this side. So we looked.. got this chilly feeling. 
And turns out the dog who went to that side got hit by a car. Thought the dog was dead.. and since it's the dead body 
in which the warms breed if it's put in a sack So we thought it'd be better to be buried under the ground. 
That's how it all happened. While Chorong was running away from the firefighter, 
she got into a car crash and immediately passed out on the road just like that Though they made several attempts to see the reflex she didn't react at all.. And so, with pitiful hearts, the firefighters buried her near the place However, Chorong was alive.. Crew : Have you checked her breathing? Firefighter : We didn't check particularly on breathing.. 
Knows when we touch such bodies, so Crew : Whether the heart is beating or not? Firefighter : The dog was sunk to the ground.. didn't react at all.
Completely.. if she showed her any sign that'd have been different But she didn't react at all even when she was put on my side. Said he wouldn't have possibly imagined that she can be alive Crew : There were quite a lot of reports done so far.. 
Why didn't you speak up for the past two weeks? You can go, "Oh, that's the dog I buried.." or something like that Firefighter : Lately, there were quite a number of animal rescues done. 
From dogs, cats.. and sparrows, birds.. whatever. We didn't realize back then, only when it went a bit far.. 
Then only we went, "Huh? That's our doing.." Only after did we realize that That's such a miraculous thing, her coming alive.. If.. Back then.. If she came alive while we were taking care of her, 
that would have been great Even after a nasty accident, even while all her bodies stop working, 
she came alive.. and endured 11 hours to return back to her life That was such a miracle...! Vet : Even when she came here after being rescued,
her entire body was stiff, paralyzed like a rock.. In those cases, this means that it doesn't circulate till the peripheral nerves In a state of emergency, all living beings 
can only have the least circulation as possible. Hence sometimes, even a professional vet 
can't hear the sound of breathing when using a stethoscope However in general, this case can be a rare miracle to happen for sure.. And even at this moment, Chorong's making another miracle come true She's slowly gaining the spirit, step by step.. Due to the damage done on her brain, half of her body has got paralyzed,
and was in a coma for a while Yet she now can stand on her feet and can easily finish a bowl of food like nothing Upon hearing the great news, the lady rushed to see Chorong The lady: Chorong.. Chorong, it's mom.. Chorong.. my Chorong.. Son : You walk so well..! Chorong begins to whine in the arms of her mother.. How much she missed such a warm embrace.. The lady : Mommy missed you a lot.. honey..
Missed you Chorong.. Chorong has finally come back where she belonged all this time.. The lady : Chorong, hand! Aw~ Well done you~ You haven't forgotten!! She didn't even forget what I taught her, she's saved by God.. She's almost resurrected, hasn't she? Vet : The important thing is that she should now be cautious of diseases
that might be caused in the near future So, you should know that there are some factors
she carries which can worsen her condition The lady : Thank you, for not giving up on her.. It is a misfortune, but at the same time, such a luck I'll promise I'm going to be the best mom for her.. Give her so much love (Keep telling people this woman's her owner lol) Thank you so much~ 