Dang it Pwetty please.. Get lost.. Enuff, okay. Are you crying again? Don't cry. Come out and talk to me Someone watching from the under.. YEET I, Bangwool.. I'll go with whoever wins Yup, that would be me Where has cat sisterhood gone.. *cries* She's crying again lol Why doncha have some here? Are they gone..? Gone for sure? I'm back at it again Running away, again.. *running her a** off* Did she come out!? Where's everybody? I'm here.. You brats.. This is .. a jail with no bars [Bully]
Bangwool from the 1st floor
Soyeon from the 1st floor
 
[Victim]
Arom from the 2nd floor
Saerom from the 2nd floor My husband has a cat fur allergy which is pretty bad, so.. the cats (on the first floor) have to go up to the second floor I got you brother.. Triple lock As soon as Soyeon enters Fluff off.. Bangwool enters too Bangwool below Soyeon above...! Why me though, wHAY uwu 'Cause.. It's just you.. Bangwool also joins.. Don't Pwease, get lost! Get lost Do you see my ears are back and flat now.. Hate you too (The cats) Become sensitive as they all moved into one spot form a large space Sometimes they are acting sensitive to each other, having a little fight.. I, Bangwool. meowvah know how to give up! Blocking so she can give up Night has come Dude Are you sleeping? There she goes again.. Lemmeow just watch ya sleeping.. I can't miss it.. I, Bangwool Can we go sleep, please Sure, go ahead Sleep.. Those lunatics.. Don't listen at all.. Next day I'm tired now I didn't want to say this, but.. Fluff off man Bangwool had spent 8 years in the shelter There she socialized quite well with other shelter cats That's why I brought her with me, thinking she would stay well Of all cats, Bangwool went well with the last newcomer Soyeon and followed the lead of Soyeon to harass Arom and Saerom Thanks to that Arom and Saerom became victims of bullying Leave us alone meow.. Arom, come out Her hair remains sparsely due to hair loss caused by stress The hair in this spot looks thick and pretty as it didn't fall out But this area was empty that her bare skin was seen Hair loss due to stress and inflammation in the mouth..! Arom is very sick that she has to take medicine every day Fluff my life.. Sir.. Please save us Accepted Analyzing the cause.. Animal Behaviorist : Bangwool and Soyeon who came late could finally have their own territory after their long outdoor life The anxiety from the past memories, not knowing when they'll lose their territory could have triggered their aggressive demeanor This is mah home bruh! Solution 1
Relieving their edgy feelings with music This is purrrfect... Music is the only drug permitted by the government.. Solution 2
Massage to soften their hardened bodies Hell yeah.. That's the right spot hooman Not enuff yet.. Each one of them needs their own space where they can hide when feeling anxious or nervous But they don't have such spaces yet Make the most of small spaces I, Bangwool , is pwetty happy with the results As long as the conflicts had gone It's not easy to accept each other yet.. I'll massage them steadily. Spare more time with each one of them.. and take extra care to look after them all I think I have to work hard on this until the day where they all can live together Pray for that day to come very soon I'm not gonna cry anymore-meow! 