For what reason would a dog live in such a place like this..? The desolate 3rd basement car park of an apartment and one who's living in this place PD: It's here, here, here! /
Ass. PD: Is it, really??? The one who appears and vanishes into thin air like a ghost, turns out to be.. PD: He's there!! There! A tiny dark-furred dog. Resident: Sometimes, when I see him from the distance, 
he almost looks like a black vinyl bag, when he's crouched down on the ground. From afar, from there As if a black rubbish bag thrown away in the middle of the car park, 
he was crouching down himself At first, people thought he lost his way.. didn't take it much seriously Yet since they first spotted him, the residents began to feel odd as they encountered the dog every single day, in the same basement car park Besides, the dog always tries to escape from the sight of people.. PD: Have you seen a dark-furred dog? / Resident: Oh, I did! PD: You did? / Resident: Yeah Resident: Yes, been walking up and down this aisle.. 
Thought he went astray, but he's been here for a while. Resident: Been a while, yeah. / PD: Was it? Resident: Been staying in the 3rd basement, most of the time I mostly park on the 3rd floor, and when I do, I see him. But if I park on the first or second floor, can't spot him anywhere. 
It was mostly on the third floor when I saw him There are four floors for a car park in this apartment, 
from the first basement to the fourth in total Yet where this dog stays is only on the 3rd basement Not only that, but he never leaves this place.. Perhaps, he really got lost, couldn't find the way out, and 
eventually, got himself trapped in this place..? But, PD: Oh? There is a way out though? Right there? Particularly in this apartment, there are ways in which even the 1st and the 3rd basement have paths where cars and people can go in and out, connected to the outside That leads us to think that, he is intentionally staying in here, 
rather than not being able to go out To figure out a reason, we've decided to check the CCTV first thing PD: 3rd basement / Managing officer: 3rd basement PD: The oldest footage is.. Managing officer: Says, it's November 21st PD: November 21st..? PD: Oh! I can see him! Managing officer: Yeah, I see him too.. this is the one..! /
PD: Yeah They could only store the CCTV footages five months' worth of time Even while the apartment was under construction before the grand move-ins, 
 he was wandering about the 3rd basement.. Resident 1: Either he was thrown away, or lost.. I guess Resident 2: Looks like he's been waiting for somebody, 
but no idea why To find out the reason why he hasn't left this place for such a long time,
we've decided to wait and watch. Never goes near the entrance/exit, rather wanders about the corners of the building.. 
And then.. As he senses someone's presence, he's left startled by it and runs hurriedly to the other side. After some time, he came back out in the parking lot, 
as he hears nothing of the presence Somebody: Happy~~ Happy..? Somebody: Happy, come here~ Lady: He's been here in the first place, been three years since he came here PD: Three years?! / Lady: Yeah Lady: I'm a dealer, I supplied tiles for this apartment. He looked so skinny, almost skins and bones
So I began feeding him, and now I'm attached to the dog Surprisingly, this guy has been staying in this basement for about three years.. Been three years since she gave him care and love for three years as well.. yet Lady: Happy~ Happy~ He neither approaches nor allows anyone to come near him Lady: Even though I regularly feed him, he never comes around, so there's no chance for me to touch him.. He's so much wary of people Lady: Happy, I'm going By seeing that he hasn't opened up his heart to someone who's been taking care of him for three years, not like three months, He must have gone through something bad, or been hurt by something.. What on earth happened to him, that made him unable to eat at ease.. or sleep at ease Resident: Seems like he's been hurt by people, tender like a baby..
Even if I call him, he never does come Man: I'd say, he's scared of people.. If somebody abandoned him in the basement when this apartment was fully empty, Or if anyone would know about the dog, We've asked around the neighborhood near the apartment Security: A dark-colored one? No, not this one I saw Lady: Aigo, haven't seen a dog this big Baker: A dark-furred, not this one tho Before the newly built apartment went up, 
the same place was left deserted for a few  years However..! Union member: The dark one you're asking, right? 
Was ditched when his owner moved out from the residence. PD: So you've seen him even before the things are pulled down? / 
Union member: Yes Union member: Been a while since all the residences were pulled down.. 
Took 3 years and 3 months to complete the construction of the apartment And withdrew the construction for two years.. That sums up to five years already
He must be around 7-8 years old, or more than that.. The time when the man first saw the dog left all alone 
at an emptied house is already eight years ago.. The man never has imagined that the dog's still staying around till now Union member: When the things were torn down.. that scene was speechless.. There were tons of cats and dogs..
I remember there were some houses left in the woods, about 20-30 And all those animals went up there to live.. to survive As the houses that were once someone's home for decades were demolished.. People began to go away to figure out a way to live on.. And one who was left in the emptied house without knowing why these things happen is this one right here.. As the 8 years pass by, the world, 
and the people have surely changed forms a lot.. This dog stays as same as he was before 8 years, at the same spot Resident: I do feel very bad about him.. 
He's been waiting for his owner to come back, but he won't.. since he's(the owner's) really gone after the demolition.. Lady: Heard some residents have complained about his presence, 
said they feel uncomfortable So whenever we have our things done, and wrap up, 
we don't know what to do with him.. So we decided to give help to end a long wait Rescue team leader: Since a single floor is huge in size, 
we're going to block all the way outs first, so he can only stay in the fourth basement as it's the only floor 
that doesn't have a way out.. We can probably catch him there The size of the basement car park on each floor is 
twenty times bigger than the primary schoolyard Besides, to take the challenge on the dog who's bright 
in the geography of this place, won't be easy for sure As if he senses the unusual vibe, he begins to bark at us..! Where he headed in such fury is 'the' fourth basement..! Team leader: Standby Standby!! Wait until he recognize the fourth basement as the safest place he can be for now, And quickly blocked all the possible paths
that connects the fourth and the third basement with the mesh PD: Coming!! PD: There! He's going up!! As he spotted the path that leads to the third floor being blocked, 
he suddenly stops! PD: Block him, BLOCK!! BLOCK!!! As the rescuer jumped over to the dog switching direction, 
the rescuer successfully caught the dog! The rescue succeeds in six hours.. You are mad.. aren't ya..? 8 years-long waiting has now come to an end.. 
the life he had, having no trust in men, and living in silence is finally over Vet: It's alright, don't worry..! Vet: Seeing from the color of his gum, and some plaque inside his mouth, 
he must be around 8-9 years old That leads us to suspect that he's abandoned when he was only a year old Then, how's his condition now? Vet: Overall, the test results say all is fine, 
even Electrolyte levels and imaging tests said fine as well But what's distinctive is that he might have recovered from suffering anaplasma 
that can only be infected through mediums like ticks, so what resulted from that is, he now carries antibodies against anaplasma. Though he had his challenging moment, he was lucky enough to survive such adversity as his will to live is strong enough... As he made his way till today, hope the grand beginning of his second life 
would be filled with the warmth as warm as blossoming flowers in the warmful spring 