Before this video begins,
Let's wash our ears with some serenity Sounds heavenly 
'Latte' Scottish Fold 'Cookie' Scottish Fold We should get right on to a duet-meow Been looking for perfect timing and.. (Method performance) Crew: Is he hooked on a piano? Owner: Wish he is.. Is FAKE! He's hooked on something else What Cookie's been hooked on is.. A Robot Hoover Now, let the game begin Landed right on it! Super balanced pose Mastered the unity of his ego and the object Cookie What is he doin' meow What on earth has Cookie happened to ride on the robot hoover? One day, when I was washing the dishes, I turned back and saw him riding on it Latte runs his a** off even by the sound of it But, Cookie rather runs towards it 'I' can only do this thang If there's an obstacle, Thunk Gently And resumes the game lol As if he's annoyed by the robot banging around Cookie lies down in the corner That's where the hoover comes back as the last destination Where Cookie's been lying down was
right before the hoover's charging cable LOL No charging I still got one more game left-meow Heave-ho Quite an easily worn out Cookie Why are you here again
You're holding it back from charging The hoover hasn't been charged when it should work properly Even affects their everyday life TwT Sir! Wut's wrong with this kiddo?! Shim Yong-Joo/ Expert in cats: 
When people usually hang out (with cats) They swing the toy right before them, which is too obvious Normally when hoomans play with them, they tend to show a certain pattern Yet, this(the robot hoover) doesn't have a fixed route For example, if some structures are relocated within the house, The hoover will find a brand new route to sidestep from them In their perspective, the hoover behaves much more interesting than hoomans, in terms of action patterns Cookie's ridiculous hobby has been signaled way back in the day Owner: When we are in a car, on the way to the clinic Even then, he sticks to the window like any other dogs do Crew: He enjoys the drive for sure.. I should probs get him a car So we prepared, A 2021 ver. of four-wheel drive, 
with the latest style of towel seat covers Meow my, that is
a 'must' Yo okay for a test drive? OKEH Love the ride quality-meow Thunk Guess he's fond of it very much Should ride that from now on, right? Heehee The robot hoover's now old-fashioned LUL Got a new car-meow Yet, since I don't own a driving license,
I'll get one soon enuf-meow 