Golden.. The moment when everyone's in the thrill of beefing up Oong Male 
Today's star Yo went on without meow Here, one for each Handing out the veggies every time? Now that we're thinking.. Lettuce, Bean sprouts, Chives, Chinese cabbage Mom: Whenever we're about to have something, He takes whatever, like lettuce and all.. Son: So we put a cover on it, so he can't take any Everything here You're mistaken-meow I just checked whether the veggies are fresh or not-meow Never put a glance at the meat, Only goes for the veggies Wanna have meat? 
Or this? Yo don't want it? I prefer this instead-meow Dude, yo went to far with your appetite! Are you shooked-meow? Tee-hee NO NO Oong, don't, stop that Stahp It's okay for one tho-meow! Stay there This is the timeow! Gonna let the game begin-meow! (Sprouts) Kinda picky eater (Cabbage) YASS this is it-meow! Gotta relax a bit-meow, 'Course on the floor hehe (Spring onion) Having a veggie-party, without his servant LUL Hey what's in yo mouth? You shouldn't have that gosh What we're gonna do with ya..TwT The ones that he got interested in at first were, A watermelon and a Korean melon And that's been about seven years since After that, the times he eats (veggies) got more frequent.. [Footage of then]
Oong's vegetarian appetite has continued over the past 7 years (I love chives as well.. heh) Chives Spring onions usually have a kick, Even 'we' feel the spice sometimes, but for a cat having such spice, that worries us the most Oong, yo really fine with dat? Huh? The tests told normal in every section Perhaps, Oong's either born non-sensitive to a vegetarian diet, Or the amount of consumption is not as worrying as we thought it'd be Ma'am, then, why is he keep doing that? Well, in my opinion.. He's kinda playing around the veggies, as a form of toys For Oong, the veggies mean A way to play around, not the food! Shim Yong-Joo, Expert in cats:
 Guess the pleasure Oong feels from it was not coming from the appetite, but the texture he feels when he's munching (the veggies) Everyone! 
Veganism is da trend-meow! Love the texture-meow Nom Nom 