Kim Yong-Hwan | Animal Rescue Org ‘RE:BIRTH’: Everyone was in a festive mood He has come back alive A stray cat 'Chorong' who fell in the chimney Informant: Oh My, he's out! He's out! Goo Cheol-Min | Animal Rescue Org ‘RE:BIRTH’: Wow, the rescue was a success! It's amazing! However! Kim Yong-Hwan | Animal Rescue Org ‘RE:BIRTH’: I was so confused saying there's a cat in the chimney again I was sure we let that fella out Another one?! Chimney Cat Mystery Informant: Another black cat was crying on the outside Informant: (In the chimney) a cat cried loudly Informant: It sounded like asking for help, to me (Cat crouching next to the pipe) Kim Yong-Hwan | Animal Rescue Org ‘RE:BIRTH': The cat was stuck inside the chimney that is about 5M deep Goo Cheol-Min | Animal Rescue Org ‘RE:BIRTH’: It's best to provide him ladder or stairs (for him to climb up) A rescue plan involving an adjustable cat tower We hung down the modeling I think about 30 secs to a minute has passed after we retreated? Source: Animal Rescue Org 'RE:BIRTH'
Oh! It's here! It's here! Cat escaped Goo Cheol-Min | Animal Rescue Org ‘RE:BIRTH’: Oh, that was quick! / Yeah, it's out. Kim Yong-Hwan | Animal Rescue Org ‘RE:BIRTH’: We were streaming this on-air Everyone was so happy "Wow, the rescue was a success! It's amazing!" Source: Animal Rescue Org 'RE:BIRTH'
Moreover~ RE:BIRTH Animal Rescue Team: One of the subscribers felt sorry for this one and has decided to adopt the cat BUT! I was so confused saying there's a cat in the chimney again Revisited the rescue site Informant: A few days after, I heard another cat meowing around (the chimney) Informant: So I thought “A cat has fallen into the chimney again” Only a few days before the reconstruction Did another cat really fall in the chimney? <- Cat Kim Yong-Hwan | Animal Rescue Org ‘RE:BIRTH’: It was hard to tell if the cat is alive or breathing The cat is sitting still In order to check the cat’s status Bringing in a mini camera (Cautious) At last Reached the bottom of the 5M deep chimney And~ There is a cat staring at the camera stealthily Informant: Most (of the neighbors) believe that “Another cat has fallen again” Informant: But I have a doubt… (In the first rescue) I thought the cat was Chorong because it was a cat with a black back 
<- Chorong Informant: This cat we think is another cat that fell, also has a black back That is true, this cat has a black back The cat meant to be rescued in the first rescue   VS    Cat who has fallen now Apart from that Informant: (During the rescue) the camera didn’t catch Chorong climbing up due to all the equipment being removed Source: Animal Rescue Org 'RE:BIRTH'
It’s here, it’s here! Failed to take reasonable care of the rescue cat Goo Cheol-Min | Animal Rescue Org ‘RE:BIRTH’: (the informant) said “It’s here” all thumping And there was one for real, under the chimney The informant said that it’s him who had disappeared for a week Chorong also wandered around feeling hungry We misunderstood the situation Informant: It’s been 10 days since the rescue so no one has put food or water into the chimney because we thought the cat was rescued The cat wouldn't have eaten anything for 10 days, not even water Kim Yong-Hwan | Animal Rescue Org ‘RE:BIRTH’: How the cat survived… that’s a mystery If we have mistaken the rescued cat as Chorong Chorong had been in the chimney at least for 3 weeks Chimney Cat Rescue RESTART However, chimney structure is an obstacle Goo Cheol-Min | Animal Rescue Org ‘RE:BIRTH’: The hole and the floor intersect at right angles The hole isn’t facing down at the floor it’s on the sidewall.. We can’t put anything (at right angle) It’s too small to position a rescue cage Kim Yong-Hwan | Animal Rescue Org ‘RE:BIRTH’: No one could get in either, the hole is too narrow So consequently, what we can do is to try the adjustable ladder we tried (in the first rescue) again and “encourage the cat to rescue himself” But, health is a preliminary requirement to move around (Letting down food for him to eat) (No reaction) Goo Cheol-Min | Animal Rescue Org ‘RE:BIRTH’: When he fell, did he break something or a rupture? Perhaps this cat can't move right now? Worried because.. The cat could have hit these exhaust pipes while falling which could have led to a fracture  <- Exhaust pipe Stimulating the cat into moving Carefully Trying to make him feel uncomfortable But the cat won't even budge Then! (Moves) Mobility, check! Constructing an adjustable cat tower Ladder completed Come on up. kittie~ Goo Cheol-Min | Animal Rescue Org ‘RE:BIRTH’: Maybe he’s scared or feels uncomfortable That could be why he isn’t moving So we took out all the lighting and stuff Just placed a (infrared) camera positioned at the top Notorious at ‘cat summoning’ Meowing sound is played Set-up completed! Could the chimney cat escape safely?! To be continued in part 2...! 