"When will you arrive~ You didn't come even when I called you" "Hurry~ Or else.." "I'll barge into the broadcast center and face the president" Arrives urgently Come out here Geomdung What on earth was up there though..? Jesus, what took you so long~? This woman almost went to the broadcast center You'll never know how much I've suffered day and night 
because of that cat I've lost so much weight The one who made these scary(?) grandmas agitated is a cat up in the tree..? Where the heck is the cat though.. Uh, here here The cat's out, Look over here Crew: 
Oh, the cat's there
There I could hear a cat crying when I was passing by Then I found the cat up in this tree I don't know how he went up there Guess he had been chased~ Right? It's been two months 
since he was spotted in a 10-meter-high tree How is he doing over there? Here, this one I've been feeding him
with this one Crew:
What's that? I lifted all food I've fed
with this~ Providing food and water for the cat A customized bowl attached with a pole for the cat only I made it~ / You made it yourself? All old ladies made it together~ For the cat
who must be starving It's kinda far from the tree though;; A little more closer It's not easy to feed the cat A little more to the left
You can do this-meow Successfully fixed it in the tree! You've been feeding the cat with this for the past two months? Of course! It'd been so effortful~ We've done it so far because 
we thought he would come down after eating But he didn't and has been staying there until now They thought the cat would come down after he ate He's cheering himself after eating 
and striving his best to live on the tree It's kinda nice being up here though? I'll go over there
and drink a cup of coffee Will go back after a while / 
Need move away for him Crew: You need to leave him alone? /Yeah Come down and eat up~ After checking no one's around Then shall I Goes up to the bowl Nom nom The kitty ate everything that was prepared I'm full meow I'd like to have a western style
next time He doesn't seem to think about coming down at all;; This must be fixed~ It's time to bring out da big gun.. Lethal move Well grilled That's cheating  bruh Wut? Grandma's taking a bite instead..? LOL what to do now Kitty Geumdung
Come down, hurry Grandma's eating em all Come, hurry~   
You better come when I'm saying nicely~ How nice will it be if the grandmas' wishes come true The cat doesn't seem to come down any minute That evening Out of concern, the grandmothers begin to gather around, one by one I'm so concerned right now, seriously / Are you concerned? I am, I really am Because there's nothing I can do about it Poor kid Rescue is urgent In-Seob Shim,
Animal rescue specialist Cheol Park,
Jeonbuk National University Animal Medical Center A hero's welcome Now that you came Please save our kitty safely~ Please bring our cat down So much pressure "Appreciate your help~" Awky.. Crew:
I think you'll be in trouble
if your rescue plan fails? So much pressure right now Will the cat be rescued safely? To be continued in Part 2 