We got a report... ‘I often walk past this house and I always see a dog there’ ‘I had a look and it looked like no one is living there. The dog is too vicious I couldn’t catch him’ At the given address, there really is a ruin and in there... WOOF WOOF WOOF! there was a dog barking aggressively PD: Hello? It seems like a ruin that nobody’s living PD: Aw, look at the dog food.. Dog food is left piled up How come there is this much dog food in an empty house.. Not only the food but also there were water prepared Someone must be taking care of this dog..! Seeing his leash and dog toys, we’re certain that this is his place He is wary of the production crew, yet he doesnt run away too far How long has he been living alone in this place? Production crew: Since when has he been living like that? 
Local: It’s been a while now. Since October or November last year Local: The owner is Choi XX(his name).. he passed away 
PD: Oh really?
Local: Yes, he passed away As the owner passed away so suddenly, the fella is left alone in this house It seems like he’s waiting on someone. He only looks but never goes outside Waiting on his owner who won’t come back... the fella must have been guarding this house alone At that time, the fella runs towards the gate Did someone give it a visit? A delivery lorry has arrived! A package is delived to this empty house The delivery guy brings the package to the door The fella doesn’t bark at the stranger delivery guy Suddenly, the delivery guy started ripping the package open PD: Are you delivering this package here?
Delivery guy: Yes PD: Why did you open it then?
Delivery guy: The request note says to open this and feed the dog Like he said, it was written on the package to open up and feed the dog Delivery: I have been doing this since December. I feed him on every visit PD: And is this guy alone?
Delivery: Yes, he’s always alone Since the owner died, someone has been sending dog food to this address Fortunately, the delivery guy fed the dog as the note says and the dog could survive By the way, who’s sending the packages? A few days later Package sender: Hello?
PD: Hello? Package sender: Hi, I received your number from the delivery service
PD: Yes, we have some questions to ask. PD: Do you know the dog that’s living in the house with the blue roof? Package sender: Yes, I know the dog. Could I arrange a meeting with you tomorrow? We arranged a meeting with the lady who’s been feeding the dog The fella is left alone and he quenches his thirst by eating snow Production crew cleaned up the water bowl and poured clean new water The fella comes and drinks freshwater the production crew poured The production crew gave him some snacks so that he can ease up He becomes less wary and eats up the snacks Following the production crew from behind, he comes outside Upon calling the doggo, he comes near Perhaps he misses the human touch.. Yet, soon he goes back to the house and waits on his owner to come back… The next day, the mystery package sender came to meet us PD: Hi, we called yesterday
Package sender: Yes, yes PD: So, what is your relationship with the owner of this place? Package sender:  My dad used to live here. He passed away last July so suddenly.. His name is Ddorong, he lived here for 6 years with his owner The fella didn’t get to say goodbye to his owner all he does now is wait… Guardian’s daughter: Since Ddorong was staying alone here, i tried to take her home but it wasn’t easy Guardian’s daughter: He followed my dad when he was alive. Then, probably because there aren’t many people around him, he became super wary She tried to take him home but he was barking aggressively Guardian’s daughter: If I tried to hold him .. he just won’t come As she couldn’t visit every day she’s been sending food and water by post and cared for him from distance… Can Ddorong be taken home safely.. To help him move out, an animal protection organisation volunteered Animal protection organisation: He seems very interested in people, but reacts very sensitively to human movements Moments later, the production crew tries to lure him to the yard with snacks Waiting for Ddorong to enter the kennel.. Ddorong was startled by the wind He runs back and sits First attempt was a failure Production crew giving a second shot Meanwhile, another mischief was being planned at the yard With delicious food Production crew: Let’s go~ Ddorong followed the production crew Whilst Ddorong is enjoying food Smoothly, exit is closed Making the space tight to make him go inside the kennel Ddorong went inside the kennel! How is his health, doctor? Vet: He’s infected with heartworms. The scan shows that it hasn't progressed much. Liver somatic index is fine too. With a couple of months of proper treatment, he’ll be fine For a while, he’ll be getting treatment and training at the animal training center until he gets his good health back Ttorong is bubbly though he must be nervous Animal behaviorist; he seems like he was loved so much when he was his owner in the past Guardian’s daughter: Now, I live alone and I work. I won’t be able to invest enough time for him. It’ll be great if there is someone who can take care of him with love. That will make me happy Until Ttorong meets his new guardian, she will be next to him Ttorong slowly and smoothly opens up to people 