Is there anything you want to tell for the last time.. I don't really have a say.. Just want to say sorry.. that is all.. "Honestly don't know what to say" Other than, "Sorry, I'm too late".. Reckon there's no other words to describe to express how I feel at the moment.. The last 'courtesy' we can offer for the passed-away ones who lived a hard life That's 'the things we surely had to have done so as humans', as I feel it 'Cremation' sounds like it's the right thing to do Lives who weren't able to.. Rest in peace.. This can be called a 'show' in one way.. Or might think like, "Does that really necessary?" but.. "We will go on" If kids die off in a place like that.. They're only been treated as a bunch of wastes.. They were born in the law of nature, that is all. "If that's what we can call a sin, that'll be it.." ep.04 The last farewell These kids they've been stepped on Suffered badly the entire life Couldn't bury them in that hell-like place for sure and don't think they wish to be there as well First greeting became the last farewell.. Been exploited for their entire life.. At least once, I wanted to tell them that we treasured them from deep down They won't be able to feel it since they're gone to heaven, yet "Being thrown away if no longer needed" "Thrown away if one left this world" "And so disappeared into nothing.. that is just wrong, isn't it?" Wanted to tell them that, "You all were living beings" That is why I pushed cremation strongly.. "But, it doesn't matter now anyway.. in fact.." If they were born in a good place, they would have been loved dearly.. Now that we can do it for them.. "Aren't all dogs live a life as you had" "There aren't just people who are evil" There are people who are good by heart.. If only they were gone knowing this.. If only they knew.. To help those who are left alive.. from passing away, from not being able to close one's eyes "I'll do my best" I can't help myself but make sure that "I'll take good care of them" "Sorry that we're too late"
Hope you run around as much as you can, in heaven.. 