A dog showed up out of nowhere, as if fallen from the clear sky The dog running among the darting cars without mercy Has his neck strangled by something PD: Ah, the leash..! With his neck choked by the tightened leash, 
he's wandering about without any destination Resident: It's stuck deep into the skin!! 
Tightened (by the leash)~ Though we want to let him loose, we can't. 
As we can't get hold of him. Resident: He vanishes whenever people approach him for offering help For many times, the neighbors tried to offer him some help, 
but the more they try, the further he got away... If making eye contact by any chance.. He gets busy guarding up and leaves the scene immediately What kind of secret does he carry which drove him 
to raise his guards and put up a wall between people? Never open up to the others, he's stuck on this island all alone.
Breaking our hearts. PD: Does he belong to anyone? / 
Man: No, don't think so... Won't roam about if he had one... Man 2: Guess no one owns him...
Picks up anything and eats, nothing but skin and bone.. Lady: Phew~ he comes and goes, won't stick to one place.. At a town where he neither has owner nor house, he emerged one day Been watching him for two years already, 
from the day they thought he was just a wandering stray dog PD: Woah.. he doesn't even sit for a second.... Resident 1: Seems like he's heading to a warehouse, that side.. The blue warehouse PD: Ah, he's heading there? All the time? /
Resident 1: Yeah~ He's always lingering there Resident 2: Ah~ You see that tiny hut there, the blue one, 
he always sleeps there... Man 3: Yeah, he has his routine. Always has a set course for himself. PD: OH! THERE! A blue container the dog found to quietly hide out from the people The sight of him was often seen at this place.. As expected, he rushes away as he notices someone's footsteps, 
not giving a moment to approach him Resident: Seen the dog for two years, so I gave him some food, 
placed a house there.. Then this must be his best hiding place then.. For at least once a day the dog comes by this place, 
hence we decided to wait for him a little while more. PD: He's here! Dragging his unwell body, 
he must have been hovering around the cold streets all day today Bringing his steps towards the food to relieve his hunger Yet, the way he eats the food is looking a bit bizarre Due to the leash, choking his neck, 
the dog's unable to swallow down the food with his own will... Old man: He's choked by the neck... gasping his breath.. Lady 1: Heard there was the emergency rescue team came to rescue the dog, 
but it all went to nothing.. Lady 2: The firemen were here, but they came back empty-handed... 
'cause they couldn't catch him Although he was having a hard time, having to endure the pain while eating, What's the reason why the dog doesn't leave this place...? Lady 1: While we were walking, saw a black car passing that way. 
So we all sensed something smelt fishy. We went, 'what on earth would such a car go that way, on what business?'.. 
and so we walked that way.. Then we found two dogs there Lady 2: One had dark fur, and another had white At first, he wasn't all alone..? Lady 1: The dark-furred one has gone missing one day, 
don't know whether he's taken away or what. Resident: Both used to stay there, by the time they were abandoned. PD: Where? Resident: There, front there. PD: Ah, there? / Resident: Yes. The empty lot. Resident: They used to stick together all the time. And as one has disappeared one day, he began to roam around the town by his own. On one hot summer day, The owner had abandoned the dogs in an out-of-the-way place Having faith that the owner will come back one day, 
they've endured life on the streets for 2 years, relying on each other However, after the dark-furred dog vanished into thin air, He couldn't just continue to live only in the warehouse Enduring the pain of being strangled, he began to search for his friend. Though he's searched through every corner of the town.. and roaming the streets where no one's coming back for him, he never stops searching even in the late night Resident: Since then, whenever he sees black cars, he studies them carefully.
Wondering if anyone's coming back for him.. Resident: Chases behind (the cars). Resident: Walks as he glanced sideways at those cars passing by him Not being able to meet one whom he's been waiting.. And he came back to the warehouse in which no one's stopping by.. He could take some sleep as he neither ate nor rest for the day, yet he just can't take his eyes off the streets as he hears some noise Would have been great if he still had his friend,
yet it doesn't seem easy to find his vanished friend How long does he have to keep on waiting..? His exhausting stroll begins in the early morning The major problem is the leash is slowly tightening around his neck.. Resident: If we can get hold of him as soon a possible, 
we can cut him loose, either live or die, whatever.. He looks terrible when he's in pain. So I want him to be saved. 
As a matter of fact, I literally begged to save him. Resident: I feel bad for him, whenever I see him.. Not to mention his fearless running across the road PD: Woah!!! Woah!!! Those who are watching over him feel like 
they're dipping their feet in heaven and hell a dozen times a day We can no longer sit on our hands and look on..! From the neighbors to the volunteers, quite a number of people have been involved. Volunteer: Hey! There, there!! He's heading that side!! The only way to rescue the dog who panics even by making eye contact is..! Laying a siege to the dog, pushing him towards the corner Volunteer: I think he's there!! THERE THERE!!! At last, he's walked into a deserted house At the moment when we're making a stealthy approach..! Succeeded rescuing him at one go Resident: Aww, are you in panic? Don't worry. It's okay, we'll save you. Man: That'd be the end of misfortune, and beginning to happiness Resident: I worried sick if he might be hit by the car or something, every time I pass by I feel a bit relieved now. Won't have to check on him from now on during the night. Yet, it's too early to be relieved. Vet: Ah, the smell.. The wound's been deeply dug, festered, and filled the entire hospital filled with stink PD: Is this a leash? Vet: Seems like it. This must be hard for him to even breathe and eat.. Vet: Gosh, you really hang in there. 
How could you bear such pain? Vet: Neck is the part where the jugular vein, 
the carotid artery, vessels, and nerves are mostly spread If the wound has infected the nerves and vessels within, this might have caused his death even before pressing down the wound. If it was a bit late, this might have led to the second infection 
in which the dog might lose his life Vet: God, this part's been dug deep into the skin.. Vet: By looking at the depth of it, it probably is 9mm wide?
In other words, it cut 1cm deep inside the neck, I'd say Not only that, it carries a massive pain by just moving his neck. 
It'd be easy to see that he literally lived in pain. How painful would it have been, as a thick leash has been digging into his flesh.. Vet: Well, he's still young. 
So, along with the appropriate treatments, he'll get better one day Once this wound heals up, he'll be recovered in no time Unfortunately, he couldn't make his dream 
of finding his owner and his old friend come true.. but By the time his wound closes up, wouldn't a miracle walk into his life..? 