Ever seen a hyena wandering about the foot of the mountain for food Why are you looking for a hyena here!! Hyenas would even look for a rotten meat What are you looking for In which Kong stares into (Nothing) Kong's owner : One said when dogs are staring into space, they’re actually looking at a ghost Sometimes it’s kinda scary Because she keeps doing this alone when there’s actually no one You’re scaring us man :( Do you see.. something..? At the end of her gaze.. (Wassup, this reflected light here) Her gaze moves along with the reflected light She can notice even small reflected light and follows after it as she becomes sensitive towards it The one she was looking for was light! Then, how did she get so into it..? A car passed by outside the window once before One day Light reflected from the car came through the house This was .. how she entered a fan-prone area Invest the rest of my doggo life in light Since then.. Save it.. Then the gain will follow (Calling up light) She turns to a gangster extorting light until she gets it Find it.. Then you may find.. (Digging up light?) Light is here..? Small reflected light She turns to a light-finder who can even spot a small one Kong! Enough! To stop her from being mega indulged in it Blocking light all the way When the light is gone Knock at the door.. Then the door will open.. (Creating light) Come out, light This mobile has a mirror attached to it Which reflects the light to the wall She can be a light-creator who makes light when there’s none Hold up, can’t leave her like this Mom’s aces up her sleeve I’m gonna try this because I think she won’t follow the light anymore when it’s blocked Outfit of the day.. (Sunglasses)
(Sun cap) Looking just like~ my second auntie Thought it worked..But Looking for the light in the air again :( Argh, shush Come here! Lemme take it off Her being fond of light is acceptable But the problem is.. When trying stopping her Come here, lemme give ya treats Don’t touch meh!!! Uh.. I’m bleeding.. Sensitiveness explodes instead of her fangirling ability Wait up (Scanning thoroughly) Yet An unexpected problem found in Kong Director Lee Chan-Jong, Esac Pet Training Center : It can happen casually What happened to Kong..? Stay tuned for part 2 