Inside the phone of a man, there's.. A dark-furred cat When she was rising up to her feet.. 
 I saw a newborn, hanging (on her bottom) There was something coming out of that cat A bunch of people tried to capture her, but couldn't, 
as she was running around.. Went somewhere unknown and doesn't show herself out Trying to find the cat 
who vanished into the thin air Uh! She's there Kkam-Nyang~ But, 
she hurriedly darts away God.. feel heartbroken by her.. honestly The lady feeds her fave cat food, and some other treats Guess everyone around this neighborhood knows about her? Yeah, sure. Everyone knows her, 
'cause she doesn't look like other stray cats She comes by every time she's given birth, and brings the food for her kittens. 
Repeated all this in the past 7 years. A stray cat, 'Kkam-Nyang',
has been taken care of by the neighborhood for about 7 years She used to fetch things to eat Right after given birth to the kittens /
(Wariness lvl.0) However,
since she came back with a newborn hanging on her, Nyang~ come here Her wariness has gotten way worse God heavens,
it's a kitten.. my lord~~ Where she has gone hidden, to stay away from people is, A junkshop in the neighborhood Given birth a few times here too As much as she'd given birth several times at this place, She's familiar with it Yet, as we make an approach.. Wary Wary Uh there! Perhaps due to her unwell condition, as if she's worn out, She fell into sleep on the box 
placed right behind the building She soon opens her eyes due to someone's presence Leaves her seat And at the seat where she has left.. There are some stains.. It's blood.. Clear stains of blood Cha Jin-Won, Director of World Pet Hospital :
If it(newborn) is stuck, it must be its head got stuck on her pelvis. When the head is stuck, it presses on the neck which ends up killing the fetus Once the fetus's dead, it can't progress the delivery any further As it might cause deaths to those fetuses inside the womb Even for the mother, she might die from blood poisoning or other forms of infections If, the fetus has gotten stuck in the middle of the delivery Not only the newborns but also the mother cat's life is at stake Furthermore, (Serious) This.. Any possibility that the cat might carry more fetuses in her womb? That's possible. Reckon she's in quite danger There might be more fetuses inside Kkam-Nyang's womb
who weren't born just yet Since Kkam-Nyang's guard has tightened, The residents who Kkam-Nyang feels familiar with come to join the rescue.. Yet! There! At the back, back! Catch, catch her! Ah... went up the tree Will Kkam-Nyang and her kittens 
be able to be rescued safe and sound? To be continued in Part 2 