The unknown sound coming from the ceiling (Scratching sound) What's behind the sound is... (drumrolls)
 The kittens! Those kittens are the true fruition of 
this cat by the fruit shop, Byul, and the stray cat's love.. One day One of the kittens has disappeared.. Yet again, the mother cat made an appearance And took the rest of the kittens away with her, to somewhere unknown. Upon chasing the traces of the mother cat.. (Meow~)
 PD: Can hear meowing! We followed up the sound to where it's coming from The door's opened However.. Can't find them anywhere The moment when we thought we couldn't find anything special, This hole here, it's humongous The drainage holes that are dug here and there on the rooftop.. First, we've decided to place the camera, The next day She's out, out As the day cracks, the mother cat showed up from one of the drainage holes Being cautious and wary about the surroundings, 
she walks out of the building. As soon as the mother cat left her seat completely, We came back to the rooftop and as we tried to look into the hole.. She saw me!! / What?
Down there, there.. The mother cat's staring up towards the rooftop!!!! About to get busted.. Before the mother comes around, we must hurry up! Quick, quickly.. At that moment, the mother cat's walking into the building..!! This doesn't feel right... (Stops) Uh.. Hi..? Crew's got caught on the scene.. The mother cat who's definitely not in the mood to say 'hi' walks away immediately And only after a few hours, The mother finally showed up herself. She's been guarding up for a while, and cautiously steps into the building (Fully wary) And.. Goes into the opposite hole from where she came out of By distinguishing the hole she came from and the hole she goes in, She successfully tricked all of us! Under the thorough plan of the mother cat, The baby kittens are growing safe and sound After the continuous days of her secret parenting.. The rain began pouring cats and dogs.. As she has nestled inside the drainage, she seems to be in such a panic Yet in the evening, right after the rain stopped.. The mother cat's bringing her kittens out of the drainage! Just like that, all three of them have vanished into the thin air.. Even by the continuous tracking that lasted the entire night. 
We weren't able to find them.. The mother's very meticulous, smart, and experienced If she finds the slightest element that makes her feel anxious,
she immediately recognizes it and moves on to the next place.. She appears to be a very strong mother, with strong maternal love In cases of stray cats who own sensitive, yet strong maternal love, they tend to have a strong obsession with the kittens 
and to change their shelters to elsewhere.. Where would the third shelter be..? She was very dependant on Byul (the father of the kittens) in the first place Well, my guess is that she might have moved closer to their dad.. 
Where Byul can reach out.. Where the mother cat hid her kittens 
was not so far from where the father, Byul's staying! That means Byul takes a huge part in deciding where the next shelter to be! She was here this morning, for a while Have you ever seen her since then? From then on, I don't know really.
But Byul's got weird for sure Here, up on the wall.. Byul's crying towards the air, on the wall fence He's making the same sound as he did on the rooftop.. Now that we're thinking, when the mother cat and the kittens were living under the roof Byul made a similar sound, guarding the entrance of the roof Where Byul's gaze turned upon is a window of the next door, on the second floor Byul, come over here Upon his mom's calling, Byul leaves his seat At that moment, the mother cat sticks herself out of the window! Hi, we're from Kritter Klub Have you heard any sound in here? Yah.. / What sound? Meowing sound.. Where she heard the sound is the veranda! They're here, three kittens Three kittens hidden inside the box place in the veranda Before the mother cat comes around and hides all three of them, We've decided to place them in a warmful place So as to let the mother cat take good care of them at ease! It's time to rescue the mother. Decided to put food inside the capturing cage 
and wait until she comes around Soon after, the mother cat came out of the shadow! As she smelt the capturing cage, in no time
she cautiously walks into the cage Rescue succeeds! Got her! Finally! So as not to make her feel anxious, we've shown her kittens Byul, who's been watching the situation slowly approaches his kittens / 
Kitten: Meow~ Look at that grey kitten, he recognizes his dad and greets him even though he's seen dad for the first time Then Byul immediately turns himself towards his wife In order for this family to reunite, a medical check-up is a must! Results are.. Vet: There's nothing particular, so far Compared to other cats, 
she relatively lacks the fats around the belly and under the skin That must be because of parenting, she must have lost nutritions, let alone energy to raise these kittens In fact, the kittens have better nutrition and well plumped up, which means the mother took good care of them Been feeding on the love from their mom, 
they've grown up well, even on the street Learn from the best mother, and grow up to be the best yourselves! 