PD : Excuse me~ / Hello I keep hearing a weird noise in the house Where the informant guided us was the kitchen ceiling Upon hearing closely.. *Scratching* Do you hear that? Something scratching.. You can hear it only from here? / Yeah, just here.. Nowhere else? / Nope A mysterious sound sneaks out only from this spot There, there, there / A scratching noise? Yeah, you heard it, right? (Scratching) Like this Did it sound like this~? After she gives a warning sign at a random noise which continued Then it becomes quiet.. Not so long after.. You can hear it again, right? / Yeah They're being so funny right Going up to track down the noise always ends up with nothing There's no hole since it's only been 2-3 month after the roof was repair The roof which was fixed a few days ago is all blocked with no gaps at all.. How long has it been? About 2-3 weeks? The roof was fixed 3 months ago And it was 3 weeks ago when the noise started To find out about the secret, install observation cameras After time passes.. A cat goes up to the wall and heads to the roof naturally (Meow) As though finding someone else, the cat goes back to where he came from Then soon he stopped in front of a fruit shop The cat seems to live here.. Byeol, come! But the cat keeps going outside He spends most of his time there. I feel sorry for the houseowner Byeol~ Come here. Why are youy there, come~ Ma'am~ Since Byeol went up there, we've heard a weird noise A strange noise? From where? / A screeching sound.. A screeching sound? But he doesn't really go into a small hole.. He'd always stand on the wall or stay in my arms Byeol is the only one who's paid a visit to the roof Yet.. A mysterious sound keeps coming out even when Byeol is in the shop Bring the device to find out about the noise! It finds the objects by detecting the temperature While looking into the ceiling with the thermal imaging camera The heat is detected! So there's something over there now? It says the detected temperature is 27 Degree Celsius It's supposed to find the heat No heat is sensed here, as you can see It's the only spot where the heat is sensed And soon after.. A cat appears from the roof Searched the spot where the cat came out and found a tiny hole This one is the culprit then? It looks like.. some mushy feelings are going around between two..? There must be something going on between them While they're enjoying a lovely date a strange noise still is heard from the house..! Can't stand it anymore Decide tear up the ceiling to look inside And there were.. baby kittens! It's surprising and also amazing that there are three.. The fruit shop owner came upon hearing the news Aww~ So pretty You must be his kittens.. because they're grey which is the color of the Russian Blue Including this one who has the color of Byeol all of three were the culprit who' have made a mysterious noise and the children of Byeol and the stray cat! Mother cat runs to where she hid her kittens and licks her kittens dearly At the same time, Dad Byeol protects his family outside It's comfy and warm here anyway They think it's safer for their kittens too I'm feeling bad because they're doing all this for their kittens PD : So you can relate to them somehow? Yeah, because I'm a mother as well~ One day, while the secret parenting continues.. The crew arrives hurriedly after receiving an urgent call PD : Are they gone? You can't find them? The mother cat went missing Guess she left There were three kittens in the first place Only two are left now Where has the other one gone? Byeol who has no clue on what's going on still looks out on the roof.. At that moment, Byeol's eyes are fixed on something! She came back But the mother cat's alone without her kittens As though talking something to Byeol, she goes back to the hole Then the mother cat takes one of two She grabbed the kitten / She did? Yeah, she's leaving now Mother cat holds her kitten in her mouth and goes somewhere Uh! There she comes down Where has the mother cat disappeared with her kittens?? To be continued in part 2 