From somewhere... A scream is heard When looked into the inside of the water pipe.. the tip of a puppy's nose is seen..! Neighbour : When rain falls a lot, because this sewer itself is wide, she will just get carried away. She will get carried to down there. Kyaak! Kyak! At the slightest mistake, this is a place where she could be swept away A tightly secured lid and the drain where water keeps flowing through It doesn't look like a rescue would be easy... A vet arrives to check the puppy's condition Captured on an endoscopy camera is the puppy standing dangerously at the end of the water pipe All four of her legs are wet..! Vet : About 1/5 of the puppy's body is wet. When it's like that because her ability to maintain her body temperature is much less than the ability of an adult dog... First, a board that she could step and stand on is inserted deeply inside... Fortunately, she steps on it Woof! Informant : When I come close (to the pipe) she barks a lot. She barks and attacks as well. Her puppy was here. That's why she was here to protect her puppy. A mother who hovers around and barks to save her puppy who fell into the pipe..? While she's watching the puppy rescue begins With the permission of the district office Clears the entrance by opening up the tightly secured lid and the PD goes down himself and decides to rescue the puppy... A very frightened expression and as if she doesn't even have the energy to move, the puppy entrusts her body... For the puppy whose body temperature must have fallen, she's first covered with a warm blanket and her condition is examined.. Vet : If you look here, it's all festered. Because it's swollen from water... Look here the sole... If rescued even later, the sole would've cracked... Vet : There're footprints, I saw earlier. I wonder if while the mother and her puppy were going around, the puppy accidentally fell into there. As if she was very tired and worn out she falls right asleep where she is She's transferred to the hospital and gets washed cleanly in warm water Vet : Perhaps because she was in contact with water for a long time, her foot and the inside of her thigh places like these, are in very severe condition. I think she needs to be treated for about a week with disinfection and ointment. Until she's recovered, it was decided that she'll receive treatment at the hospital The next day, the drain's water swelled from the pouring rain A dangerous situation even if it was a little bit more delayed And as ever, the mother who can't leave this place But since several days ago she only keeps to that spot.. People guess that dog must be the mom for sure.. It's decided that her rescue should also proceed Found her! Where! Where! Where! Fortunately, she hadn't run far away Carefully with the net, the distance is shortened and succeeded in rescuing the mother too. Foremost of all the collar that was choking her neck is cut off and They face each other who must've relied on each other during the hard time.. When they're quietly left alone As if they're drawn by the warmth of body temperature The two lean on each other Vet : The first puppy who we rescued and the dog who's now being presumed to be the mother are According to our examination result, the two don't share a parent-child relationship biologic When a crisis was approached, she used her maternal instinct and (I think) she tried to continuously protect the puppy and save her in whatever way. The two who had become alone from each of her own circumstances "They've now become a precious family for each other." 