An urgent cry asking for help coming among the noises of cars running Informant : There's a cat standing and wandering on the edge of the Gangbyeon Expressway Woman : There she moves! There's a cat on the edge up in the expressway PD : Huh? Something's moving on a guardrail Dark but a distinct silhouette is spotted It was a cat! The cat's been barely wandering on the narrow guardrail How come the cat got stuck in such dangerous spot? Resident : How did the cat get up there? Resident : There are many homeless cats on the street but no one could imagine they would go up there How the kitten got up there remains unknown But it's certain that the cat is in danger Informant : Rescue team said the kitten is placed in a troubled rescue spot that they couldn't do anything about it Woman : We couldn't just sit back and watch the kitten dying, right? It was 3 days ago when the couple living in the villa across the expressway heard the cry of the kitten Couple : The kitten's under the fifth soundproof wall
PD : Oh, I see the light over there! As though scared in fear, the kitten doesn't move at all It's a 10-meter dead drop The other side is blocked by the soundproof wall The kitten isn't able to find the wayout on her own.. The kitten could barely survive, even without being able to drink water, on the edge in which it's out of people's reach Vet : Here? The guardrail over there? / Yeah Yet.. Seeing her tiny body, the kitten seems to be 2 months old The kitten wants to escape, but she can't even put it into action Vet : It's difficult to rescue the kitten for now, considering her current location She won't be able to endure in such state without eating anything. It'd be better to give her water, even a little is fine.. Install a safety net under the guardrail where she's stuck and feed her food and water The soundproofing wall is the closest to go near her Need to give her food and water fast and safely Yet..! It's all blocked The soundproof wall where the cat is near is completely blocked It was also impossible to give food over the wall which is higher than a human PD : It's too high. Can't reach it.. Too high At the moment when they were pondering, Found a small door next to the kitten We found a way to approach the kitten It's the only way where we can place food and water near the guardrail In over 80 hours We could give the kitten food and water Yet, the kitten doesn't move for a while Then she slowly takes a step out Slowly, in fear though, approaches the water and food, step by step The kitten could satisfy the hunger, fortunately Fluffy hell.. I dropped the food can It's okay. I can drink water instead As if she's gained energy after eating, she sends SOS How did she go up there? Vet : This(the railing) starts not so high from the ground The end of the railing is not high from the ground at all 200 meters away, found a starting point to the expressway Vet : It's about 10cm wide, and it goes all the way up The kitten must have walked up to the high expressway from here She made herself stranded on the guardrail? The cat must have walked up straight forward, not looking down at all But when she turned back to go back, she could see everything down She couldn't have realized when she walked straight forward Only when she secured a broader view, she could see how high it was The scared kitten couldn't help but just get stuck for 3 days Vet : It's too dark and the guardrail is too narrow The rescue should be carried out early in the morning when it's bright and after safety equipment is installed Next day As soon as morning comes, the rescue work begins Install a safety net twice for emergency Get a drone ready to get a grip of the kitten's location and movement The guardrail goes all the way to the expressway, which is near the river Upon a closer look, found an exit of the expressway at the end of the soundproof walls The kitten lying down helplessly after spending the night in fear Vet : The kitten's directly exposed to UV rays without any shades Can't lose time anymore Our plan is to place the capture cage with food inside on the crane, lay it flat with the railing, and lure the kitten in The crane goes up carefully not to surprise the kitten But the kitten seems shocked The kitten might fall down! The kitten moves over there! The kitten walks up through the guardrail Where she heads to is.. the expressway where cars running fast Finally..! Succeed in rescuing the kitten! Vet : Hey there~ You don't really refuse, huh? As if appreciating his help, the kitten kindly accepts the vet's touch Her health is worrisome as she couldn't sleep or eat properly But..! Her femoral head is broken If you compare it to a normal head of femur, you can see that it's broken A little bit of a bony callus has formed. It's been a few days since she had a bone fracture, not just one day or two Her leg was broken.. It must have been painful to stand on such narrow guardrail She must have looked for a hideout due to pain and fear after her femoral head is broken and went up to that place to avoid noisy places. The kitten, who got into a car accident after wandering the streets, got on the railing to avoid people and threatening stray cats The people who didn't turn a blind eye to the desperate cries saved her life Vet : She must have starved a lot She's eating at a speed of LTE.. Cats don't eat fast like that. She's almost gobbling down I was hungry okay Thanks for helping me, angels <3 