A report asking to find out about the mysterious guest who turns up every night Informant : Everything closes at 9 PM It's weird that it happens every morning when I arrive at work when no one's possible to enter here at night The office just got a little untidy not a huge mess PD : Has anything got stolen before?
Informant : Not at all Nothing goes missing.. AD : Ah, I think it's a leftover
PD : What?
AD : Like a fishbone..
PD : Fishbone, ah.... Instead of stealing belongings, the strange trespasser leaves the food waste Informant : Look, we lock the door like this every night Locked tightly when all employees left These narrow gaps are the only ways to go through Except for them, it's blocked everywhere There's a window inside, but.. The office is on the fourth floor and the window is always locked that it's impossible for one to enter What about the other offices in the building? PD : Have you found any traces of a trespasser? No, not at all It has a lot of foot traffic here and all doors closed at night No signs of forcible entry have found in the building yet Except for this office Then for what reason the culprit has been breaking into this office? Track down the indentiy of the culprit After everyone's left It's empty in the building At the moment when nothing looked strange, A cat spotted on the screen The cat walks through the aisle Goes close to the office Skillfully goes through the gap and walks into the office Yet the cat didn't leave any traces of exiting the office which means that the cat is still inside Informant : Where the hell is the cat? The cat's big enough to be seen though PD : Have you heard of a cat cry before? Staff  : No, because it's always noisy here...
Informant : I haven't heard of any cat crying before Just thinking the cat's still inside gives me goosebumps The cat's hidden somewhere inside Couldn't find even a hair of the cat no matter how much they search the office Flour? PD : What are you going to do with it?
Informant : I'm going to make footprints of the cat with it and see in which direction the cat goes since it's certain that the cat's still here If the cat has been paying a visit to this office The cat's footsteps must be printed on the flour After the night.. Will those remain on the flour? The cat's traces are shown quite obviously Informant : It's quite clear here
PD : Where
Informant : Look, here The cat's footsteps head toward the desk Employee : Uh? / Why? Employee : Footprints on the paper.. 
PD : Footprints with the flour? Carefully looking into the drawer Employee : Ugh
PD : What?
Employee : There's a cat here 
PD : Really? / Yeah Informant : How can a cat be there Oh my.. It gives me chills Nothing's seen inside the drawer by a glance As looking into the drawer with the light..! Watchu looking at Also found little kittens next to her! It's four in total! Informant : How could they go inside there?
PD : You didn't notice it before? / No Informant : Does this means that the cat has been coming over for her kittens? The reason why the cat couldn't leave this office.. Her kittens she gave birth under the desk must be the reason for her visitings.. Employee : I would've looked into it if I heard some noise or saw something moves It's quite surprising that they didn't move or come out for over the 10 operation hours Upon hearing the news that the cat family has settled under the desk Everyone in the building pays heed to them Employee : Look, it's so amazing.. PD : I guess it's surprising as you look more? / Yes it is Because no one can enter here since it's always locked at night The mother cat hid to breastfeed her kitten during daytime and had to go outside to find food She's been taking care of her kittens out from the people's sight Yet.. PD : Hello, I heard there's something happened? Employee : I tried to feed them when I arrived at work in the morning Then I found the cat family who should've been in the drawer was gone They figured that.. Employee : It's quite narrow down there.. Space which seems to be full of danger The mother cat looks extremely wary unlike yesterday Vet : Hello.. Obviously doesn't fancy our visit at all Vet : The cat looks totally mad / Does she?
Vet : Her ears are pushed back.. We think we know why she got mad, but ask first.. Vet : She's very stressed after many people came to see her She thought the previous spot isn't safe anymore that she moved here, I guess The mother cat moved her kittens to another spot, thinking their hideout is disclosed She might leave this office, which is highly possible Vet : The kittens don't move at all for now But after their activity range gets larger, she'll get anxious and try to move her kittens to a safer place What the cat family needs is a safe home Begin the rescue right away.. Mother cat, who has no way to know the sincere heart of the people, gets extremely hostile Decide to rescue the kittens first to prevent incidents which could happen when the mother's become sensitive Now all we need to do is to take the mother cat out.. Did you catch her? Oh no... Don't miss her! PD : Where, where?
Employee : This way She went into another office.. It's quite embarrassing to untangle the complicated situation.. Employee : Hey, come out. What are you doing there Make an urgent request to the store owner to open the shutter door And ask for help from the rescue team Vet : Oh, she's leaving! People : She's going out! Catch her! We got her! Made it to rescue the mother cat in two hours after the operation started Thank you~ You've gone through a lot and sorry for stressing you today ;( Vet : Her instinct told her not to move upon hearing the people's noise in order to protect her kittens She even held urination or any vowel bowel movements so that people won't find out about not just her but her kittens' presence We will take you to a safe place... Vet : If she's transferred to the hospital for a health check-up she'd get more stressed, which might lead her to give up on child-rearing in the end Hence it's best to have her rest for now The employee's house It's been tough for the cat family today But thankfully, the cat seems to regain stability at last.. Vet : The mother is nervous now but her health is fine. Same for the kittens Since everyone's fine, they'll adapt soon It's best to patiently wait for the cats to come out on their own Foster dad (Employee) : I hope to get close to them through making interactions day by day and live with them for long Everyone roots for you, so no worries anymore! :) 