Informant : A cat has been bawling desperately for a week around here A cat cry has been heard for days Informant : There's a steel railing for maintenance up in the bridge PD : Oh, over there? / Yeah Where he found a cat was the small railing underneath the bridge.. The giant bridge which seems at least 30 meters high Will there be a cat on such an inaccessible bridge? Informant : It's very dangerous and it looks like 30~40 meters high that the risk of the cat falling off might occur Searching everywhere to find the cat, but the cat isn't seen AD : Here, here, here!!
PD : Huh?
AD : Over there! The producer runs to where the AD is at PD : Where?
AD : The cat's lying over there Found the cat but.. The cat looks lethargic just by a glance.. AD : Maybe the cat's dead? Informant : The cat moved before though
Resident : I don't know Observing the cat's movement just in case But the cat doesn't move at all Informant : The cat couldn't have even drunk water.. That little one is so bony.. Hurriedly moves up to the bridge AD : Oh, that cat's alive The cat's moving! Fortunately, the cat was alive and he slowly takes steps.. As if pleading to save him The cat cries out loud at the crew The current location of the cat is quite inaccessible even up from the bridge Also, it's a dead-drop below the bridge without even a safety net The cat precariously walks around the steel railing.. He seems to find the way out.. Vet : How did he go up there? He seems to be about 3-4 months old The cat must have been highly dehydrated if it had been 10 days since he got trapped He needs to drink water and gets first aids as soon as possible Should give him water and food so he can build energy a bit before being rescued The rescue team wears the safety equipment and rids on the crane to the top of the bridge to feed the cat The cat's location is as high as a ten-story apartment The cat must have been in terror.. Vet : The cat's over there. He's lying down The cat who sat in the corner cries out helplessly Vet : It's a dead drop. Since it's an asphalt ground 30 meters down below He might fall off if he gets startled We need to place a safety net or cat trap to rescue him safe and sound After a time passed, the cat who has been staring at the food for a while starts to take steps slowly After hesitating a little upon seeing the holes below his feet, The cat starts gobbling down the food Meanwhile, the rescue work has begun Following the vet's advice decide to lure the cat in first One false move can lead to disaster Place the cage in one side of the corner Lure the cat in with food inside Quickly close the cage as soon as he gets in Wait for the cat, hoping he can be rescued safely today.. PD : The cat's coming The cat is quite smart for walking close to the wall in order to avoid falling down through the holes As if he sensed something strange, however, he stops at the cage and looks around carefully At that moment when everyone's watching in tension PD : Oh no..... Hey, hey hey hey!! The cat gets himself together after losing a grip a bit and goes into the cage The time is now! Rescued successfully! The cat seems not too scared, thankfully The cat must have endured those lonely times alone on a high and dangerous railing.. The cat likes people a lot.. Hey, why are you here? Rescue team : Since there's no food at all.. It must have been tough for this tiny kitty to live alone... Thank god that he's rescued quickly How do you feel like being up here? / Feeling dizzy.. He seems a bit flustered right now But he came down to the ground safely with the team's help Proud of him for being survived, but he still looks lethargic.. As he has managed to survive in a poor environment with no food or water at all for 10 days We wonder how his health would be Vet : He already used all of his fat This is a pelvic bone that sticks out already He's bony right now.. He couldn't have survived if it weren't rescued in 2-3 days He could've lost his life if it were late a bit Informant : You are safe now.. So pretty, you survived.. Informant : I felt pity for him every morning I wake up.. I'm glad that he's safe now. He's so cute and pretty too But I have no clue how he went up there.... How did this cutie got stuck up in the bridge? To find out, go ask the manager for details Since this place is above in the air, I think he came through a small gap at the entrance of the bridge. That's how he entered the inside of the bridge and went out through the gap as well To prevent another incident, we must check where the gap is Here's the entrance of the bridge AD : Uh? It's here! Found a small, open gap Upon a closer look, Found a long passage connected inside The passage inside, which isn't seen outside, connects the start and end of the bridge Close the gap to block the passage to prevent further incidents Meanwhile, the cat is transferred to the hospital Vet : His claws are all worn off It's gushing in this claw... I think he strived his best to scratch the wall to climb up But the wall was too high, as you saw it before The cat must have struggled to get away from the bridge to the point where his claws get hurt.. What's fortunate is that he can get healthy soon once his stamina is recovered! You look cuter in a closer-look! 