I wanted to curse him so bad It's almost a murder I think How could it be this horrible Damn it! Hope you all to keep in mind that 
'We're all in the same boat' EP.01 'Doggie' or 'Trash' In-Seob Shim : Animal protection group 'Life' :
I'd address it on my own if I could, but.. I... don't think I can this time The place where 'Animal Abuse' 
is suspected to occur A vet, animal behaviorist and the agency decided to check the site.. A dump-like environment and the dogs living in such place.. Uh! Watch your step! Dead bodies of mice lay everywhere When I first started (my career as a trainer) Animal Behaviorist Chan-jong Lee :
There were many 'Dog breeding farms', There were many 'Dog breeding farms', but their cruelty was not to this point Vet Jae-Ung Han : Mostly, dogs are locked up in a 'Wire crate' where they can step on their feet at least But in such poor surroundings, they were confined in barren cages Every moment would be like doing a tightrope walking for them.. Moreover! Their health is terrible as much as their living surroundings And as they went further inside the place.. Sigh,  dogs are huddled together (because it's cold).. Sharing each other's body heat, they've been bearing the cold.. This one's almost dying An implausible reality even when it exists before our eyes To the point where no dogs are in good shape.. Vet Jae-Ung Han : All have skin disease.. And one of them has broken jar Chan-Jong Lee Animal Behaviorist :
I honestly thought about just running away from here because this place is just like a 'Living hell' Yet.. Unlike poorly nourished dogs, the meal bowls are full of dog food.. In-Seob Shim/ Animal protection group 'Life' :
It took some time before we got to set a date and entered the site All meal bowls were filled with food trash (when this farm was reported) On the day we entered the farm, however, the bowls had dog food instead Compared to the cart for leftover food, 
which seemed to have been used for quite long The dog food package looks like a new one Yet! Uh! Isn't a dog dead? I don't think it's moving.. It's dead.. A bony dog's bead body lay on top of a heap of dog food In-Seob Shim/ Animal protection group 'Life' :
What was more surprising is.. What was under the cage where living dogs stayed is.. Bones! Bones! Under the cage, the skull was found Dead bodies stripped to the bones Just threw them all over here.. and a decomposing dead body There's another one! Sh** Besides illegality, the whole situation is far beyond sanity And a farm owner in charge Farm owner : As I've lived alone.. I get to like them(the dogs) like my child They're like my children You can't raise them like this if you don't like them You said you like them.. But they're dying like this Seriously though, I have a question for you. Don't you feel sorry for animals? They like you coming, wagging their tails. How could you do this to them? You have to bury them at least though we don't know how they died "How can a human like all of us commit such things?" No matter how hard I tried, I just couldn't understand him And another thing which was unacceptable is.. What is this place? A puppy mill Or.. A dog meat farm.. It was quite different, something you can't define.. If it were a 'Dog meat farm', there would've been a lot of big dogs or the primary dog breeds for food, but there weren't If it were a 'Puppy meal' same breed dogs would've been in pair, but all were mixed regardless of their breed Small-sized and various dog breeds, including mixed ones and pedigrees, were all together Yet! Here.. Several leashes were found in a nook And a tool of uncertain purpose All showed that the dog slaughter was increasingly possible Another reason why it's highly possible is [Reported footage]
Don't eat that! Don't eat that! A dog's dead body The slaughter took place in the form of 'Work' Other dogs... were eating that foot What's that leash? Farm owner :
I brought them all from there when I moved in here Why would I bring trash like this Hey! Dog hairs still remained.. All these leashes are for big dogs. Its size is for big ones. The farm owner who doesn't admit that the slaughter took place
and big dogs who were gone already.. And.. the remaining small and bony dogs For what reason do you keep so many (small) dogs? I'll be honest Farm owner : This farm is related to 'Compensation' Reward?! How can dogs be related to compensation? Gimpo City Hall :
This farmland is included in Gimpo city's 'Cinepolis' project The farmland is included in the 'Compensation area' 
under the local government's development plan In-Seob Shim/ Animal protection group 'Life' :
In rare cases, one can claim compensation for domesticating animals We call it We call it  'Dog farm nail house' The term 'Holdouts' refers to real state speculation
where it occupies the development-prearranged area on purpose Moreover, the counted number of dogs, treated as property, increases the amount of compensation Big dogs are slaughtered for profits (in this farm) and small dogs were raised for 'Compensation' This man would do anything with dogs if it makes money Dozens of dogs were confined for money And!! This one lost one eye Has no hind leg on this side Deformity and disability are spotted particularly in pedigree dogs Vet Jae-Ung Han 
 : They all had congenital deformities, or.. one leg was missing or the jaw is broken.. There were several in such conditions: Where did you bring all these dogs? In spring and fall, XXXX XXXXXX The reason why tens of pedigree dogs could be brought in one spot! To be continued in Part 2.. We call out for your support and attention 