In the middle of the night, when everyone went to bed Cats are holding their breaths in the pitch-black darkness At that moment, Got shocked by something and hurriedly running away There's something moving in there? It's dangerous, might get bitten by it Phew, my kitties are in such pity because of that Who is it really that left these cats in a sheer terror Few suburban houses located in the middle of the mountain There's a rumor going on that an uninvited guest's visiting them quite recently.. Where is it? In here As we looked into what's behind the curtain.. There 'is' something breathing inside the box Guess it's a raccoon, a wild raccoon Why has a wild raccoon who usually 
lives under the rocks of the mountain, or nestles inside the hole of humongous trees ended up in a tiny box? From one day, all the cat food were emptied and gone clean.. So I guess I suspected that something was off, 
abut didn't expect that this one had it all Wake up, wake up sleepy head Time to wake up Yet, not even flinching I'm too scared to touch him by hand So I use this to kick him out, 
but he ain't moving at all, staying still What to do with you, 'ccoon~! Look, not a flinch! Can't do anything neither to let this wild animal stay nor to touch him by hands.. (The only one who welcomes the raccoon in this household) Grandma seems so stunned by the wild raccoon who walked into this house himself And she even feeds him food 
behind her daughter-in-law's back (lol) 'Ccoon~ Come and have some of this~ As if he heard what she said, he brings himself to up Yellowish-brown fur, pointy mouth.. He is most certainly a wild raccoon.. But he's cute~ Yeah, he sort of is cute if you look closely Mother! What are you plotting again~! Told you not to feed him before~ If a wild raccoon sleeps in here, that can be a real danger He's a wild animal, you don't know 
what kind of virus he carries around too That's why I keep telling you about it, don't feed him anymore, alright? Okay~ This may seem too harsh.. yet there's a reason for not letting the raccoon stay in this house This box originally belongs to the cats, right here But the cats aren't able to approach near here.. only stays outside 
ever since this one came.. Unfortunately, the place where the raccoon's nestled turns out as a shelter for the stray cats in which the lady's been nurturing Not to mention losing their only shelter, the cats are cornered into living in a constant terror and anxiety Anyway, hey 'ccoon, do you only sleep..? Don't know when he makes his move, not in detail I'm gonna watch ya 24/7 Even upon hearing the presence of somebody, 
that's none of his business He never shows himself outside the curtain, 'ever' After some time passed, There's a suspicious move spotted right under the shelf He carefully shows himself out Guess he's looking for something to eat.. As he initiated his move, stray cats stay still from where they are However, This one looks quite uncomfortable walking At that moment! /
My my my, that's the raccoon, raccoon!! The raccoon hides out immediately 
as he senses somebody's presence 'Ccoon~! Where has he gone! Quite startled by a sudden encounter, but The lady feels worried about his current condition I saw her limping.. where has he gone? After such a long night The next day 'Ccoon~ After disappearing into the dark, 
the raccoon hasn't come back to his hideout He seemed unwell in terms of his body condition Gosh, I've worried sick about him. 
Already feel attached to him Where has the raccoon vanished into the thin air? There, there! RACCOON! The raccoon found at the cabbage patch nearby the house However.. Skin and bone body, and thinning hair he was left in a terrible shape.. With the sound of Baekgu's fierce barking 'Ccoon rushes away in such a hurry Where the raccoon's heading to, with a limp Is the lady's house. How did the raccoon end up n such a shape? He looks very ill at the moment.. I always saw him lying there, so didn't know about his leg being red or something But now I see from the sun, Gosh, it looks horrible, what can we do about him.. Dragging his body that doesn't seem fine every corner He's crouching, not being able to avoid the biting wind If one tries to approach him He gets too scared and runs away Eventually, hiding deep inside Should be around here, never goes far out Where has he gone do hide.. (Can't find him anywhere) We couldn't wait, doing nothing, Thus, decided to get help from a wild animal expert He first looks around the house.. Park Byung-Kwon/ Korean Urban Ecology Research Center :
It appears to be fine for the raccoons to live here Not far from here, there's a waterway A lake located not so far from the village Somewhere inside the hills surrounding the lake, the raccoon should be hiding behind.. Found a spot in which the raccoon might have used it as a hideout! Such spot feels warm when the sun hits in addition to that, it can hardly be seen by the predators.. Guess he made his living here for quite some time Not only he can hide perfectly, But also, the private homes are seen at a glance Yet, the raccoon doesn't seem to show himself out Was it really his own hideout..? So, we began to search through the surroundings of private homes Uh! He's there! Found the 'ccoon, at the side of the road Trying to cross the road with his unwell legs But soon enough, he drops to the ground Doesn't seem to have the energy to run away His skin appears to be very serious, since he's been exposed to the scab mites If one gets the scab mites, as they live in the form of a family, this can move on to others It might be just him who survived, 
while the others have died en masse He might have had those days of being with the family and friends Yet, due to severe cold and unexpectedly came diseases He has lost everyone he cared for, and roamed about all alone And coincidentally he found the lady's house while he was wandering about.. Almost 50 percent of his body are almost hairless, That means that other than starving to death, he's more likely to die from hypothermia.. Can't delay the rescue any longer Approach the kid as gently as he could so he won't panic And safely rescued with a scoop net He doesn't even have enough energy to kick and scream Aigo, thank god seriously.. I feel sorry that I didn't do much for him, 
offering him some more food and giving some warmth to him or some sort Anyways, hope gets better with the disease and go back to nature After being transferred to the hospital, the raccoon gets the overall health checks People often place a trap in the woods, right? If an ankle gets stuck in such a thing, 
the ankle gets cut out, like in his case And after it's been cut out, that might have stuck in the wild Yet, a much more serious problem is.. Since the infection covered the entire body Most of his hair has been lost and not only he's suffering dehydration as the skin gets cracked, but also he can hardly keep his temperature still Dehydration is the most dangerous factor If the dehydration gets any further, that causes a shock And then if it really does come, that will affect the health directly By supplying sap in order to improve the dehydration, and decided to carry out the skin infection treatment simultaneously We need to watch him very carefully  tonight Wish he gets better in no time Wishing his best to hang in there, We visited the hospital the very next day The dehydration problem's fixed quite well compared to yesterday Thankfully, the raccoon's condition has got better than yesterday If he holds on to himself as much as he does now, He'll soon be able to return back to nature in a good shape This kid has a strong will to live If he gets the treatment as we planned, I wish we can return him back to nature incoming spring With a strong will to live, he miraculously granted a new life For the raccoon who endured such intense winter, A warmful spring will surely come for him! 