One spring day, an informant has been spending nerve-wracking days due to an unexpected guest’s everyday visits Lady: Oh, yes, here. The outdoor fan on the balcony. Here! Where the said uninvited guest came to is under an outdoor fan installed on the balcony! This seems like a nest of some sort… Then maybe the guest is a bird..? Daughter: I wondered what it built and… it was just so fascinating. Lady: We didn’t even know it was a house Husband: We didn’t know it was a house and thought ‘What piled up there?’ That’s what we thought haha Really made it meticulously… Lady: Huh!? It came, it came!!!! Producer: Huh? It came? Lady: Yes, yes… over there Producer: Where’s it? Lady: Over there in the corner. When I yell it goes out and comes back looking at me… Let's wait for a bit… (Peeks) Oh, you are…?! A squirrel?!!! Daughter: At first, I was watching TV and saw her nest… I thought it was a cat cuz I briefly saw a black object disappearing in a blink and so I followed it and it turns out it was a squirrel. Lady: Squirrels are common so I know that it’s a squirrel. But I thought she was just hanging around. I didn’t know she settled here haha Who would’ve thought of encountering a squirrel on the railing of an apartment..? The fella looks around for any movements and approaches the informant’s apartment bit by bit Arrived and naturally goes into her nest… Since when did she settle here…? Daughter: I think it’s been about a month since I saw her (squirrel’s) nest… before then, my mom saw her going back and forth in January? Before COVID-19 broke Lady: I wasn’t aware she built a nest… and I saw her bringing branches… big branches and stuff in her mouth. So I thought to myself ‘Wow, she carries things like a bird does?’ without knowing she had a nest The squirrel began to bring branches secretly since past winter When she built a nest remains a mystery… one day she trespassed into their apartment Daughter: It’s an apartment building… moreover, it’s the 7th floor… I don’t know how she manages to climb up… Husband: That makes it even more fascinating. How did she manage to climb up this asphalt, I mean a concrete wall, to the 7th floor and build a house…? It’s not the first nor the second floor, but the 7th floor. How on earth did she climb up and build a nest? Moreover, there doesn’t seem to be any structures she can climb up using as a staircase other than just the plain wall of the building… So, decided to observe her movements and routes Argggggh!!!!! She’s already down to the railings performing acrobatics like the main character of an action movie Yet..? She stopped suddenly..? Oh my… She jumped from the wall to the tree with a massive jump!! Then, she almost flies across the trees… from one tree to another… She catches her breath for a moment and soon jumps around again It’s just astonishing to watch such a great sight “Are you recording me well?” But, where is she going that she jumps around so much? Her destination is a tree’s fruit She fills up her stomach well and… takes a nap Local: Yes, if you walk around the apartment complex… if you walk around here, there are a lot of them (squirrels) in the trees. Producer: On the tree? Oh, but you’ve never seen them in your apartment, right? Local: Oh, no. Wait, has someone said they’ve seen one at home..?
Produce: Yes Producer: Has a squirrel visited your house before? Child: No, not once. I don’t recall Child: It came up near to me, but not to our house As there are a lot of trees near the apartment complex it’s easy to spot squirrels, but none had heard or seen a squirrel building a nest in their house It would be so especially since the squirrels can eat, sleep, and move around freely in the nearby trees It’s just so strange as to why the squirrel built a nest and settled where humans live Heading back home now She climbs the drainpipe and arrives at the 6th floor in a blink She’s hanging onto an apartment’s window screen If the owner of that house sees the squirrel, it’s a sight the person would get shocked I’m killing it, ain’t I? With much difficulty, she arrives back home She takes an acorn she stored next to the nest and gets into the nest Husband: If you knock like this, then she comes out Did you call me? Husband: She should run away when she sees a human, but this fella won’t even run away~ If she’s a normal wild squirrel, she would run or something upon seeing a human… That’s more like it… but, she’s busy greeting them when she sees someone she knows… What kind of squirrel is this fella? Lady: But, seeing her repeatedly, I’ve grown more fond of her… We fed her a few times and she’d take what we give her Husband: When she runs out of food while eating, you know the pussy cat eyes, she looks at us with those eyes. Then, she raises her feet. Like this… Daughter: We studied some dissertations, too Producer: Oh, really? Daughter: It’s so fascinating and as a fascinating fella came to our apartment, we wondered what she favors more so we fed her pumpkin seeds, sunflower seeds, etc. Producer: What did she favor the most? Daughter: Pine nut and walnut. She eats them so well. So, so well Walnuts and pine nuts (+acorns) Husband: As the world develops the ecosystem’s being destroyed (so we have to take care of them) As he puts the nuts on top with a decent reason the squirrel climbs up in an instant Squirrel’s Mukbang Daughter: I wonder why she chose our apartment among all the other ones Husband: There are 100 families living here but she came to us. Other floors have the same structure Normally, it’s common for squirrels to nest on high trees taking a forest as its base But, how come this fella nested on a balcony on the 7th floor leaving alone the forest next to the apartment complex? Lady: If she stays there, under the outdoor fan… if we are to turn on the air conditioner, as it heats up… if it runs then there’s a risk of catching on fire. We’re most concerned about that. She has to move out… Decided to consult an expert Lee Eun-Jae, Doctor: First off, they nest at least 4M up a tree where people can’t reach or in a hole that a woodcracker has made Generally, they don’t build one nest but from 2 to 4 or 5 at max nearby and rotate around But, why would she insist on building another nest in an apartment despite having a nest in the forest? Lee Eun-Jae, Doc: It’s probably because, so there are trees called dawn redwoods. The inner bark of the dawn redwoods is very smooth and thermal, so they’re commonly used for building squirrel’s nest But, when they breed, they build a new nest in that year and breed there. I’m expecting the squirrel would breed sooner or later. So that means the squirrel made a nest for her delivery? Doc: Starting in February if early, she’ll give birth after 40-ish days of pregnancy. That’d be between April and July. This would be the period to give birth. Although it’s not certain, looking at the time and her behaviors, it’s highly possible that she’s either due soon or has given birth already! Decided to check inside her nest while she’s gone As the production crew inserts an endoscope in the nest Lady: What’s that? Is that a burrow on the ground? Lady: She almost sealed it. I heard squirrels build their nest in 3 to 4 days. I wonder how much she has run about building it like that? It’s a fortress, a fortress. But, can’t see anything in the nest Right when the production crew thought it was before delivery Producer: I think this is the kitten..? Producer: Oh!!!! A kitten, a kitten!!!! Inside the nest, a kitten is hurled!! Lady: Oh my… what to do, what to do?!!!! Check out part 2 for mother squirrel's story! 