An unbelievable story delivered from one apartment complex in Seoul city Surprisingly in fact, a cat lives on a 40-meter-high cliff PD : Oh, there it is! If the cat takes a wrong step out, it could lead to a terrible accident.. How long has the cat been on such a dangerous cliff? Informant : It's been 5 months since the cat got stuck in there Her kittens have grown a lot, must've been quite tiny when they were born, four of them in total What's more shocking is.. The cat isn't actually alone..! Kkosil the cat whom the informant has been fed was found on the cliff 5 months ago.. And the cat even gave birth on the cliff.. She thought they'd get out of the cliff, but they haven't since 6 months ago Kkoshil's choice is quite unacceptable, But the informant who couldn't just neglect them has been feeding them for 6 months already Kkosil~ The cat takes a step out carefully, one by one, at the end of the cliff.. But then, the cat stops on her way Informant : She'd get extremely wary occasionally that she eats only when people are gone As the informant leaves The cat goes near to the meal bowl As Kkosil meows Her kittens hidden everywhere in the cliff comes out, one by one But one is missing?! Informant : A black one hardly comes out PD : So it's 4 in total including the black kone Informant  : Yeah, It's not easy to see the black one. But the rest three usually come out The black one who's particularly tiny isn't seen often.. Maybe something bad happened to the kitty? But.. The cliff is quite high to the point where the crew can barely stand on feet with his legs shaking Install cameras everywhere to find out their story unveiled yet Can hardly watch anything about the cats who disappeared after eating Feed them dinner and wait until late at night. The kitten appears in the dark followed by the mother cat and the rest of the kittens behind The kitten who didn't come out in the daytime is confirmed safe The cat family fills up their stomach and freely plays around But why is it so anxious to watch them playing around on the cliff.. Sigh.. Hope they stop running around The cats who romped around the cliff all night Vanished as the morning came.. Are they isolated..? Cats who are an excellent jumper could jump over this fence with this height.. Dr. Shim Yong-ju : It's not normal as it continued for 6 months already. Something's quite wrong.. Them not leaving this cliff for 6 months is strange in every way Not sure if they're isolated on the cliff, or if there's a secret behind them.. Goes up to top of the cliff with the safety equipment attached Doctor  : I think they're under there, the mother cat and the kittens They have no place to move around and it's a vertical drop on the edge.. What about the opposite side? Moving to the other side isn't easy due to a steep slope Feces are here What do the cats' feces mean? Doctor : Cats leave feces on the area where they considered it as the center of their territory It must be their center of the territory, not the outer part, I guess The fact that they covered their feces with something is key evidence that this cliff is their main territory and also a habitant Decide to go deeper to the opposite side There they are Across the end of the cliff where the mother cat was the kittens are found Terrified by the strange noise, the kittens busily move around to find a spot to hide They might fall into danger if the crew approaches more closer Doctor : They lack all three things: Food, water, and a spot to relax On top of that, their safety is at stake It's such a worst condition for a cat to live, especially for a kitten Besides the fact that the surroundings are hazardous for the cat family to live, the kitten who's in bad shape is another reason why the rescue should be carried out quickly Rescue team : It would be dangerous for rescuers to move around, and the cats might fall off from the cliff if being chased by the rescuers So we're going to use the window connected to the parking lot To rescue the cats safe and sound, place a capture cage through the window of the parking lot Informant : Hope all five are rescued safely.. The cats barely move even when the night falls deep At that moment! The mother cat and the kittens finally appear! Without getting suspicious, fortunately, the kittens go inside the cage and eat food The mother cat, however, watches around for the kitten and doesn't seem to go near the cage But then, the mother cat hurriedly leaves and the kittens also follow after their mom? The mother cat keeps staring at the top of the cliff while walking around anxiously Rescue team : The mother cat keep staring up there But, soon after..! Rescue team : The cat jumps up! / She jumped up The mother cat suddenly jumped onto the cliff Rescue team : The kittens are thinking... where their mom go... They're following after her?! The kittens also jump over the fence, one by one Rescue team : They're all ready to move to a wider space to live.. So apparently they're moving out to another place.. But one kitten is left alone? It seems like it's a kitten who got injured.. After everyone's left, the kitten left alone on the cliff walks around as if feeling anxious Soon after, the mother cat appeared again Looks like she's looking for a kitten who's left alone.. At the moment when she was trying to bring the kitten together!! The mother cat gives her the best shot to bring the kitten with her She jumps up first so that the kitten could follow The kitten whose leg's unwell just stares at the mother cat.. Rescue team : Since the mother cat has to take care of the other three cats who are healthy She can't spare her time endlessly for the remaining one She'll abandon the kitten in the end if the kitten doesn't respond to her last call The mother cat came back to bring the remaining kitten with her But she had to leave the kitten who couldn't follow her due to a leg injury behind... The kitten cried out all night, hoping mom would come back again But the mother cat didn't come.. The safety of the kitten, left alone in the rain as the morning came, is most worrisome above all The whole cat family is gone except for the one who's abandoned The rescue has begun as we can't let the kitten alone anymore Install a capture cage above the house the kitten has stayed, and the rescue team is on standby at the opposite side where the kitten is Lure the kitten who's on the other side into the cage As soon as the kitten sees the rescue team, the kitten runs to the house, as expected Now all the kitten has to do is to go into it, yet.. The kitten runs away, right away But the rescue team, who's been on the other side Catch the kitten who hid in the bush Rescue team : Hold the kitten!
PD : Did you catch the kitten? / Yeah I got it After an effortful hour, the kitten is rescued safely Upon a closer look, the kitten looks tinier and skinnier Informant : The kitten always has been the small one who couldn't eat properly. and fallen behind by his brothers The kitten always has been the small one compared to his brothers, and lagged behind It's worrisome that he might have a health problem.. Above all, his limping leg is most concerned Vet : He needs to get surgery for this, I guess? His leg is broken Vet : The bone only could've been broken if he had fallen off or attacked The pain in the leg must be excruciating The medical team carries out an urgent surgery Wonder if such tiny and weak kitty can endure the surgery.. Vet : The surgery having new bones lined up together went well The key point here, for stray cats living on streets, fractures are fatal injuries He couldn't be able to survive He had to jump over the high fence to move out with his family Which was almost impossible for him The reason why the mother cat had stayed on a high cliff with the kittens who already have grown enough to leave their mom might be because of her love towards her weakest kitten whose leg got injured Seeing her kittens whose activities had increased, the mother cat had to make a decision.. The mother cat decided to move out and wanted to keep the kitten with her until the end But the kitten who couldn't move with them left alone in the cliff in the end.. Vet : The kitten wasn't able to live on by himself within the law of nature He definitely needed someone else's care He'd have nothing to wish as long as he meets a forever family who would take care of him From the bottom of our heart, we wish the best for the kitten who overcame the crisis, the mother cat who tried to protect the kitten until the end, and her other kittens 