There's a cat whose special talent has become an issue? Today's main character on the screen A cat clapping! Bebeto, male
Talent : Clapping He's Bebeto, the cat who claps We heard that you're the best clapper The cat avoids in a hurry and hides in the corner Are you hiding from us? Even doing a chase game with the crew..! Tiresomeow It should be broadcasted though;; Butler : Maybe he's scurred of the camera because he's shy A little later, I bet he'll clap A little later, I bet he'll clap after getting used to the camera Pls Treats that will make your paws move Whoa, that's cheating Give it to meow! Did he clap ? Well.. That was a clap but.. * Claps * How did Bebeto begin to clap? I adopted the cat two months ago and after about a week, he started clapping His clapping is praiseworthy but Da problem is that she's too timid normally~ Cats' snack time Bebeto arrived in first place but Gerrard Get Lost The best spot for feeding is stolen by Gerrard I'm hungry Uh~ You want it? Gimme phood ASAP Uh~ You wanna eat this? Even while eating together His meal bowl is stolen Drooling Gerrard, you already ate a lot (Gerrard's) (Bebeto's) (Gerrard's) Whenever she tries to relieve him feeling daunted, Jump other cats are jealous of Bebeto Hey, are you the only one cat here? Watchu lookin' at! Watch your back Smacking I bet he's an easy target here fo sho Butler appears Why are you doing this to Bebeto? Stop it Hurry up and come out Nah He looks scurred to death ;( Since Bebeto has been always too timid, I'm worried about how does usually because I often leave the house.. The butler's going to work How is Bebeto doing usually? (Observation cam footage) *Plot twist*
Bebeto is teasing other cat! Punish Gerrard who stole his meal bowl before! Even take revenge on Aeng who teased him before! The situation has turned around Telling on him is ma speciality :) Shook because he was too timid and always stayed in the corner I've so worried about him If you get caught lying? Since you've pretended to be shy, you need to self-reflect here Confined Butler, I'm sorry.. Spare me your mercy meowwww 