Cutie pie Is it a bear... or a dog..?
(Whoooof?) (Stretching) This fella grows and becomes "Bay"~ Now reveal yourself!!! HUH??? Guardian: Hello! I’m Bay~ Grew up to be Mr. Raccooon
(I grew up well so don't you worry..!) Guardian: He’s about 7 months old now Guardian: As I’m the one who he saw as he first opened his eyes, he thinks I’m his mom Following along (FUSSY) (+ tailored meal) I'm fanboying for this.. lol (Nom Nom) (Needle)(Yarn) Where the yarn goes, the needle... cannot! (Restroom->) Give me a sec~~~ Bay wait for a bit! Wait? What do you mean by "Wait"? How do you do that Argh yo little..! Can’t do anything! Because of this rascal, sigh~ He’s glued to me, glued~ (Godmother, grandma) Awwww (How did you guys meet..) Guardian: My daughter brought him who was abandoned on a hill… Then, when she brought him, we didn’t know at the time whether he's a raccoon or a dog She said there were many cats (nearby) If left by himself in such cold weather, who could’ve been in a danger Family has been taking care of him with dedication (Wiggle Wiggle) Since birth equipped with extraordinary adaption skills and extraordinary social skills
(Doggo daughter, Jolly) In the midst of family’s love and attention Grew leaps and bounds But..! Bay~ Don’t take grandma’s~ You wanna do it more when you're told not to (Takes a bite) (Doesn’t know it’s seniors first) Grandma: If I try to eat it, then he’d take it away from me.. If mommy’s gone off to work Let the game begin Flies like a butterfly and... pees like a bee (Pee) EY!!!! (Excuse me) Yo little fluffing rascal. Can’t pee here! (Runs off) I, at the age of eighty babysitting my youngest grandchild Following him around all day long, it’s tiring;; (What a fate I have..) What the hecc is wrong with you... Grandma: I don’t dislike him. Knowing that he’s an animal that can’t talk I just think it would be so frustrating for him..
(such a saint..) He..Hey..! Is this a signal for hide-and-seek..?
Huh??? (On my way to meet ya..) Found ya Are you sleeping? Hellish parenting Somebody help me..! To be continued in part 2 