4 siblings' way home from school with fun Hurry up and 
let's binge snacking at home Even acting cute a lot at home This dog just looks so happy tho.. He's not our dog, but he keeps visiting our house. I don't know what to do Woobi, Male
Feature : Doesn't belong to this house Go to your house, please Ah, go to sleep?
Then I'll sleep just for 20 mins. Who the heck are you.. 4 siblings' mom : One day, on their way home from school, Woobi followed my children Since they adore and play with him, he never leaves here They just played with the strange dog once and.. As a result... The youngest
Squid Hey, gimme just one. Give me some!!! Mom : Woobi, you! Get lost! Thanks to mommy,
the situation has ended Woobi, come here Just eat yours
when I'm telling you nicely, Argh It's not yummy What I want is Cat phood Just one bite pls What’s this nonsense?! Meowy punch Hoot That's short Just eat yours!! Woobi, you! "Go to your house!" Don't come if you are gonna be like this Scurred LOL Hey you! I told you to leave here,
why did you come again! Don't come! Don't come, I'm serious Heartbroken At this time, I'll leave for sure, huh? But he doesn't come back after hours He must be seriously upset, huh..? He's over there! Woobi Woobi? It's Woobi foreal! PD : Sir, do you raise this dog here? Local resident : Sure, we do raise the dog His real name is BOKSOON Boksoon's house is over there / Boksoon's house Apparently that's his real house tho! At the age of romping around, Boksoon just needed friends to play with The 4 siblings' house was da best for his playground His nuisance might have been his way to express his love to hang with him That afternoon He visited 4 siblings' house again Nobody's here? If so School it is Family members are rehearsing for the upcoming performance in school You thought I wouldn't know if you were here? Wow amazing.. In the middle of the rehearsal Sweet and sour chicken No way! That's our snack tho! Sad Sad Joonwon's food again
So don't worry "You jerk! ;(( " In the end, Woobi was Kicked out Will wait at home I miss y'all already.. Prick ears They're arriving! "Do you know how much I've waited for ya" Without a break.. / U turn! What the heck did he see..?! Why are you at someone else's house? [The real owner] C'mon C'mon Taken away "I was happy.." "I'll be back...b" 
(Terminator bgm plays) 