A woman, who's having trouble coming home, because of a dog.. Informant : There he is.. A dog sat outside, before the door? He never hurts anybody but.. Whenever a person passes by for their own business, The dog follows behind As if he's in need of a particular thing, he keeps whimpering.. Sweetheart~ What should I do for you.. What to do.. Even when the door's widde-open for him, he never comes inside But follows behind when one's stepped outside Wanna go back home~? See? He keeps on telling us to go back inside Keeps asking us to go back and open up the door for him What's that supposed to mean? Shall I knock? Grandpa~Grandpa~! As she keeps knocking on the door, the louder Hindoong's whimpering Keeps coming up to fetch me for this, to call his Grandpa Grandpa? Whose Grandpa? This one's owner Ah, this place is his home? Yeah, this actually is This place is in fact this one's home.. Grandpa~ Grandpa! But no one answers.. Hindoong's only one who's feeling desperate over this.. As we checked the post box, a number of bills has been piled up Well I don't really know about it much,
 haven't seen him for a while Ah, it's been that long? Yeah But Hindoong's been doing it.. for about ten days An empty house And the dog who's guarding it in the front In a long hot summer, For Hindoong, who must be exhausted in the heat The crew offers some icy water However, He's never interested in the water, but the door that is shut tightly before him Where has Hindoong's Grandpa gone? Been asking around 
if anyone knows the contact details of Grandpa We don't keep contact details, like phone numbers.. Yes, it doesn't say about it It's not easy to find a way to the owner's contacts In the meantime, Hindoong wakes up as he hears 
the sound of someone coming up the staircase He rushes down hurriedly However, He cannot find any sign of his Grandpa anywhere 
though he's looking around Been waiting and waiting endlessly, But at last, Hindoong goes back to the door again Soon the sun's gone down Hindoong stares at the door that's tightly shut And soon enough he desperately tries to open it himself Yet there's no way the door can open.. And therefore exhausted Hindoog stayed up all night, before the tightly shut door Didn't finish his dish
Why didn't you eat Though she's been feeding him as she's worried about him, But he hasn't been feeding himself for over a week now And meanwhile, we were able to hear the news about Hindoong's Grandpa He(Granpa)'s been unwell recently I saw him leaving the flat with his son once. But never seen him since.. Grandpa's got hospitalized and so, it leaves that dog nowhere to go He(Grandpa)'s like 90 years old, or more A sudden hospitalization of Granpa and an endless waiting We've decided to use all the evidence 
and information we collected In order to find Grandpa Unexpected evidence found at the door side! A doorplate of Korean War Veteran Been asked around about the Korean War Veteran hospitals across the nation We, at last, found the hospital 
where Granpa's currently under care Yet.. Do you recognize who this is? What? Do you know this person? Before you? Don't know.. who this is You don't? Do you recognize me? No, I don't Grandpa can't recall not only his caregiver 
but also his attending doctor He does carry cognitive impairment, at the moment As far as you can see from his talking, he's not exactly sure about me even though I've been seeing him every single day All these features are the symptoms of cognitive impairment Grandpa's lost of his memories as he's suffering from the cognitive impairment Would he remember his dog? He's observing the photo for a while.. What's the name of the dog in that picture? Jangoon / Jangoon? Is that his name? Mhm Even in the middle of losing his memory, He never forgot his dog, his companion, Jangoon (Jangoon's) Waiting for you a lot, I reckon Haven't even told him that I was coming to the hospital Because it all happened in a sudden He collapsed.. Last month, Grandpa suddenly collapsed due to the cerebral infarction Jangoon came out in the process when Granpa was moved to the hospital Ever since he came out, 
he's been waiting for Grandpa to come home.. Will this endless waiting come to an end? Would Granpa be able to recover
and come back home? At current condition, it's hard to say so We need to watch over for a year, 
offering him some more treatments And then we'll see whether he can be back home or not Grandpa's return home can hardly be promised As if to speak for the sad news we brought for Jangoon, it pours like cats and dogs.. Jangoon, roaming about, worried if Grandpa's coming home at this very moment.. The rain pours more and more.. Disappointed Jangoon brings his heavy steps back inside the building And sits back on his spot Flowers bloom even in the darkest hours Sweetie, let's go to see your Grandpa~ Thanks to the hospital's cooperation,  they allowed Jangoon to visit his Grandpa On the way to see his Grandpa 
whom he desperately longed to meet On the other hand, at the hospital, Grandpa's getting ready to see Jangoon How do you feel? Feel good, of course It's not only Grandpa feeling good, but Jangoon as well! The moment that Jangoon dreamed for Jangoon! As he hears Grandpa's calling, he bings himself up Jangoon, hey! The moment he saw Grandpa, he's rushing into his arms How long has he been waiting for this moment..? Both became a huge help for each other You missed me? Though it's not through the words, their hearts reached out to each other Just as long as they've been apart, Grandpa's holding Jangoon's hand as long as he could Jangoon never wants to set himself apart from Grandpa, not even a second And Grandpa watches Jangoon without words Sorry, sorry I left without telling you Since he can't promise when he could go back home, He carries a heavy heart for Jangoon Until you become well enough to go back home, ask somebody to take care of him for a while Guess that's the only way Yeah, the only way Then we will look for someone who can take him in, and will help you meet him 
whenever you come back with a better condition Yeah, that sounds right. That's the only way I think. Jangoon, stay well while I'm gone okay? After a short visit, There came the time for a farewell Though it aches them both, 
they have to be apart because that is the best for both To join a new family, Jangoon gets an overall health check The overall condition doesn't look bad at all, For instance, his skin, or the teeth, eye, ears, 
everything looks alright He'll be alright I think Thankfully, Jangoon's well and sound The only thing left for him is that he lives his life happily ever after like a fairy tale :) 