Bus No. 537 delivering happiness at your door A fairy-tale-like story of the last stop of this bus Driver Do : Hello~ The heroine of the story Introducing Yangsoon Incheon city, South Korea PD : I heard that there's a famous cat here? Driver : Yeah, her name is Yangsoon She's such a cute charm She's literally endorphin Yangsoon~ Eat up~ It seems like these bowls belong to her.. Driver : Whenver driver Do comes around, she comes out right away from her hideout Driver : Yangsoon~ She comes out once we call her The cat owner is here now A bus came in.. Then a cat came out underneath the container box PD : Uh! The cat's here Where did you come out though Hi, I'm Yangsoon She just came right on time She's such a funny girl The cat gets into the bus Henlo~ Hey there Yangsoon, so pretty Yangsoon :) The cat feels the touch of the driver PD : Is she your cat? Driver : No, she's a stray cat Yangsoon totally unarmed.. Driver Do : She listens to me well because I've been feeding her a lot 'Cause I adore her~ When driver Do arrives at the last stop Just two of them get to spend some lovely time together Driver Do : Yangsoon, I have to leave now. Come here, let's go Upon hearing him, Doggy-cat Yangsoon follows after him But.. Her leg somehow doesn't look well It looks like she's missing one leg She might have been in an accident before She used to run away as soon as she saw people around Yangsoon lost her leg in an accident The drivers' love and attention to her are what made her overcome those hard times Instead of her missing leg Driver Do : Feeling itchy here? Driver Do who scratches an itchy area for her And Yangsoon opens up her heart to his kindness She's asking me to keep scratching her.. My heart weeps. She's such a poor girl We also feel so bad about her injured leg.. Yet, the driver has to go back to work leaving such Yangsoon here alone.. And Yangsoon goes to say good bye to him As soon as the bus departs, She runs as fast as she can with her injured leg to follow after it But soon, she flops down.. Driver Do : I feel bad because she isn't well.. Fortunately though, Meanwhile when the driver's left for work Yangsoon, you want to play with this? 
Alright~ Driver dog is apparently co-parenting with other drivers so that she won't get bored Even when she's having fun, however, as soon as the bus comes, Yangsoon pays her full attention! Walks to the bus door Checks the driver's face and just turns back... Yangsoon refuses a ride if it's not Driver Do Yangsoon waits for Driver Do for a while Then the night falls, A bus comes around Yangsoon runs at it as soon as she sees it Aww, you came, Yangsoon? Proud dada, Driver Do Gives a special treat for Yangsoon After filling her tummy Yangsoon's feeling EPIC Appreciates the view outside the window~ and spends quality time with Driver Do Time to go now, Yangsoon~ The driver who has to go back to the garage and Yangsoon who doesn't want to let this moment go away Why does the farewell come soon though.. That night Meow~ With a piercing shriek A random cat makes an appearance The cat kicks off Yangsoon and eats up her food An intense life of stray cats.. Yangsoon totally lost her nerve Next morning Driver : She isn't seen at all today PD : Really? Where is she? No matter how hard they try to find her, Yangsoon isn't seen at all Driver : There's a cat that looks like a gangster.. Literally a gangster Yangsoon is weak so.. She runs away upon seeing the other cats PD : Yangsoon~ Where has Yangsoon gone? Driver Do arrives right on time Yangsoon~ Where are you? At that moment, Yangsoon runs to him as soon as she hears his voice But She's particularly sensitive today She just keeps licking the wound on her leg.. Hope she's treated in the hospital.. Let's go to the hospital, Yangsoon~ How's her health? The examination begins.. Vet : The test results show that her health is fine She has no particular problem Thanks to the driver's care, she has no problem with her health Vet : She lost the lower part of the bone under her leg in an accident It must have been rotten from the bottom and it eventually dried up and fell off That's why the skin has dried up where the wound area keeps oozing The wound which isn't healed yet is getting worse Vet : It'd be best to amputate the bone a little and stick it together again If left untreated, the infection will get worse Thus the surgery where it resutures the wound begins A few days later Yangsoon's recovering She's recovering quite fast, fortunately There's a task left for Yangsoon Driver : She'd follow anyone who gives her attention even if it's a little Since she gets lonely easily, her future family should take good care of her like Hope she meets a good family and lives healthily and happily Bus No.547 which has run with a fairy-tale-like story A lot more good fortunes will follow Yangsoon in a warm and cozy home 