One village where there's been a buzz because of a dog who showed up 3 months ago Informant : The dog had his hair tangled up which looked like a mop.. The dog's over there Go find the with the informant Informant : It's freezing cold How an animal can bear it when it's so freezing even for humans The moment when we followed the informant to find the dog Informant : He's barking as if he knows we're coming PD : Where? / Over there, his tail is wagging now ???? PD : W.. Where? / Right over there~ Under the tree wall That.. That one! Informant  : It's hard to distinguish him since he looks like a mop.. We just know that he's a dog since he barks Informant : Come here, did you eat? But.. The dog turns his back on her who spoke to him cordially Since he takes a step back as we take a step forward towards him, the distance between him and the crew can't get close.. The informant has been feeding him for over 2 months, but the dog never has let her come near him PD : He wouldn't come? / Informant : Yeah, he wouldn't.. Even though I've been feeding him so far, he wouldn't come near me Avoiding people's touch and wandering about the streets.. The dog's in devastating condition with dirty-tangled fur and beggarticks all over his body It seems like he's been in such condition for a while Informant : It's over 2 months since he showed up, but he doesn't leave here at all It's been over 2 months since he showed up But the informant could remember the dog clearly since the dog gave quite strong impressions She thought he was one of the stray dogs who would just pass by But his behavior was somehow peculiar Informant : He wouldn't follow me. Just standing still right there He wouldn't leave this area.. Won't go anywhere but keeps staying in this area even when it rains or snows? The dog seems to follow the informant, but stops at some point As if he has a reason to stay in this road, The dog keeps his spot with such a hideous look.. Perhaps he's waiting for someone..? The dog sitting in the middle of the road stares at one spot without moving Then, he starts walking to somewhere else Soon after, the dog stops walking This time, he sits on the crosswalk and decides not to move at all PD : Watch out for the car! The cars passing by run slow because of the dog who keeps his spot in the middle of the road A dangerous moment occurs endlessly.. PD : Come here! Yet, the dog doesn't seem to leave the road at all Then why doesn't he leave such a dangerous road? Is there a reason why he can't? PD : Do you know anyone who has a small dog?
Resident : Yeah, I know a few, but they're not Shih Tzus Resident 2 : No villagers would keep a dirty dog at home because he stinks. That dog is so hairy and looks weird? Expected someone would remember his haunting, hideous look But couldn't find anyone who remembers him He's supposed to wander about the residential area to find food and avoid cold, But why is he only roaming in the road and not leaving? But then, a car stops by PD : Do you know this dog?
Man : I heard that he was abandoned Abandoned..? Man : Someone must have seen him being abandoned on this road
PD : Oh, there's a witness?
Man : That's why I could hear about it There's a witness according to the man.. People think he's abandoned by his owner, rather than being lost While he's staring at the passing cars, Suddenly Runs to the truck! PD : What was that? Perhaps the one he's been waiting for appeared? The dog starts to run to the truck at full speed The truck pulls his car aside The dog runs to the man who got off from the truck Stares at the man's face as if checking and turns back PD : Do you know that dog?
Mister : I don't know. I just stopped because he was following after me As if he was disappointed that the man wasn't someone he was waiting for The dog steps back and sits on the road again Then he starts gazing with an empty look He would just step aside when the cars were passing by but when trucks came, he ran after as if he was waiting for it Now it's clear that he's waiting for someone Informant : He'd chase after the truck I saw him running after a blue truck before Won't there be a decent reason why he would only react to the blue truck? Decide to ask around about a blue truck Truck owner : A blue truck? No one really drives a blue truck here.. Truck owner  : Blue trucks are barely seen here Truck owner 3 : There used to be a lot, but now it's not Then we could find a person who has a story to tell about the dog I thought the person would come back here to find him I never knew that he would abandon the dog He looked the same as he's now This informant saw someone left the dog alone in the road The man left the dog when it was freezing cold, about around 11-12 at night The man must be over 40 The truck was a blue Porter! One day when it was freezing cold in winter A man got off from the blue truck with the dog After walking around as if strolling with the dog, The man hurriedly got on the truck alone and drove away The dog can't go anywhere. The man dropped the dog right over here He doesn't leave, just in case his owner might come.. The dog left on the cold road cluelessly Still waits for his owner who let go his hands In the hope that his owner will come back one day The dog waits for his owner on the dangerous road over the two months... Informant : Many are abandoned on this road since it's a remote area There are three others more / Are they all stray? /Yeah The dog's abandoned on a remote area where people barely pass by Resident : (Abandoned dogs' owner) Must have raised them for years, anyway They knew that their dogs would die if they left them in a desolate road, especially in freezing cold weather The dog keeps waiting for his owner like a fool even it rains in winter Informant : I made it for him so that he can stay warm inside She made a house for him to prevent him from getting rained on But the dog doesn't go inside but sits next to it while getting rained on The rain is getting heavier He doesn't seem to leave the road at all even when he has a home to stay in The dog keeps checking on the cars passing by Perhaps he worries his owner might not find him if he stays in the house Decide to rescue him ASAP I'm super worried about him since it rains and it's getting cold as well.. We decide to lure the dog in with food since he's extremely wary of people ....? As soon as the food is placed, the dog walks straight to the kennel It seems like the dog can be rescued that easily..? But, as soon as the informant reaches her hand out to the dog, he runs away As if he already noticed that people are acting strange compared to other days The dog keeps reading the mood Add treats in the food bowl The dog walks to the kennel again.. The moment when he's indulged in eating up the food..! Will he be caught?
Stay tuned for Part 2 