Have you ever wait for someone you longed for so much Daroo, who lives at the end of the alley is waiting for his grandma for five years For Daroo, a welcome guest dropped by Who's there? Calling his name tenderly, this is Daroo's new family! But Daroo, Let's go Daroo Come over here He doesn't want to leave here What to do, I might need to move Can I move in here? Can I move in? Or, will this place be pulled down? Daroo, it's time to go Nop! I'm not going Daroo still wants to keep this place that is precious to him Are there any ways to open up his heart? Vet : For dogs, it matters who they're going to be with rather than where they're going to be If they like their owners, they wouldn't be so worried wherever they go Should visit more often 
to get more familiar with the face If not, the owner should put her clothes 
or play her voice recorded So he could think, 'Oh, her voice sounds familiar'. <Mommy's clothes Mommy's voice> After an effortful week.. Will he be able to leave today, getting over the memories over the five years? Daroo, let's go home The voice he feels familiar.. Just like that, Daroo decided to leave his home As Daroo, who didn't want to leave a single step, walks out on his own The vendors shocked in surprise hehe A market vendor : He never follows anyone, never lets anyone hold his hand or even touch his hair here, but he seems so docile today Maybe he likes his new owner Saying a good-bye to his memory with his grandma Daroo hops into his new owner's car "Farewell, grandma" Packing up Daroo's stuff I'll watch over him, grandma "Hope you watch Daroo in happiness" "from the heavens" Look at him, he wants to get used to me in his eyes We shall be close quickly and live happily ever after A new family, given to Daroo who slept every night alone You'll never be lonely again I promise you For five years...if you think of his wound, it's heartbreaking I wish we could meet even earlier I really do hope Daroo to click with our family quickly and live a happier life with me Wish his past cold nights waiting be filled with warmth and love 