Informant is loading stuff in the trunk PD: Where are you going?
Guardian: To my dog PD: Oh, the dog isn't here?
Guardian: Yes, she's 9Km away from here Today's doggo is 9Km away from this place The guardian heads to somewhere with the stuff she brought Is her dog here? PD: Is this your place?
Guardian: No, this is where I used to live This is the guardian's ex-residence Guardian: Sandeul~ Mommy's here~ There is a dog! PD: Who is this fella? 
Guardian: This is my family. My baby who lived with me for 8 years now! Her pet doggo Sandeul, who she raised for the past 8 years She eats the chicken soup very well that the guardian cooked But, for what reason is Sandeul staying here alone? Guardian: She must be leashed to go home, yet, she refuses it very strongly. I can't take her for a walk, or anywhere. That's why I come here every day She's a nice doggo who listens very well to the guardian It’s odd that she wouldn’t let the guardian to put a leash on her Guardian: Sandeul~ let’s put this on and go outside. Seeing a leash, Sandeul’s face changed! Guardian: Let’s wear this and go She’s startled even at a slight touch and she even started barking at the guardian! Guardian: You’re scaring mommy Carefully, the guardian tries to leash her, then Sandeul attacks her guardian! Guardian: Okay, you don’t like it. I won’t do it Okay, I got it. Let's stop She’s worried that she’s so sensitive at wearing a leash Perhaps, Sandeul’s okay with someone else putting her on a leash Cautiously, approaches her to put her on a leash, Sandeul threatens PD crew Why is she so sensitive about the leash? Maybe, she’s afraid of the leash from the beginning? However, Sandeul used to enjoy walking like any other doggos until 3 years ago Guardian: At first, she experessed it sightly, that she doesn’t like it But I said ‘You have to wear it’ Then her reaction was getting bigger and bigger. She used to be such a good girl, so I tried to forcefully put her on a leash. Then she bit me on my forehead As the guardian tries to forcefully put her on a leash, she bit her face and the guardian still lives with the scar… After the incident, the guardian tried a few more times, but every attempts ended up with blood Guardian: Come here. Sandeul, there’s a snack here. Won’t you eat it? She even gives up on trying to eat snack that’s near the leash as she can’t take Sandeul she has no other way to take care of her other than visit her here everyday Guardian: I’ll be back~ Okay? Guardian feels so sad leaving her behind like that Sandeul stares at the guardian sadly too Seeing her listening carefully at the cars outside it seems like she’s waiting for her guardian, too It’d be nice if she could be leashed and go home.. That afternoon Guardian visits Sandeul again! Production crew: What are those? 
Guardian: I tried numerous times before, but I can’t give up. I’m going to try with different leashes again Just in case she’ll be okay with one of these, the guardian brought many kinds of leashes Do you happen to have any protection suit I can borrow? I want to try with that The guardian borrows a protection suits The guardian really wants to take her home with her no matter how Sandeul starts to bark viciously at her guardian Guardian is more confident than before thanks to the protection suits, yet, Sandeul attacks her again She tries with another leash yet, Sandeul becomes more sensitive to a chain leash Guardian: Don’t you want to come home with me? How long are you going to live like this? Why does Sandeul hate it so much.. Guardian: I give up There is a reason why the guardian cannot give up on her I was suffering a lot from cancer. It was bad. She was there for me and energised me. This is how I realised how pets are real family. I wanted to give her back what she’d given me. I will not give up on her. I want to live with her together like we used to When she was having a hard time Sandeul gave her hope And that’s why the guardian is not giving up on her.. To make guardian’s wish to come true Lee Chan-Jong behaviorist is here! Lee Chan-Jong behaviorist: Hello~ 
Guardian: Hi~ Thank you for coming! Lee Chan-Jong, director: We’ll touch Sandeul slightly. Like this. Firstly, the behaviorist observes how she reacts to the leash Lee Chan-Jong jumps in with a protective suit Lee Chan-Jong: Sandeul, come here The behaviorist touches her with a leash As the leash touches her head, she started acting strange Not stepping back, the behaviorist successfully puts a leash on her Suddenly, Sandeul froze just as is At that time!!! Sandeul fainted!!! Guardian: Oh my god! What’s happening! Sandeul couldn’t stand straight Lee Chan-Jong sensed something’s off He’s shocked at her reaction Lee Chan-Jong: She’s deeply traumatised She’s doesn’t simply hate the leash, she’s traumatised Let’s go outside Guardian: Let’s go Sandeul
Lee Chan-Jong: Pull a little Sandeul refuses to go out She used to love walking, it must have been nice to go outside in 3 years Sandeul, for some reason, couldn’t even walk properly Lee Chan-Jong: If Sandeul have a good memory of what happens after she’s leashed, she’d walk out joyfully But she refuses it. She hates it. It’s not like anxiety, but worse. She’s terrified of all of these Sandeul has a lot of bad memories. She’s mentally very unstable. The leash isn’t the biggest problem now What’s best is to take her to your place as soon as possible What’s more important than leashing, is for her to find peace! Putting a stop to the training, we took Sandeul to the guardian’s house Sandeul at home after a year! Guardian: Oh, well done Lee Chan-Jong: What Sandeul needs to do is to sleep comfortably. And to have her guardian next to her when she’s awake. She’s relaxed, she fell asleep next to her guardian Guardian: It’s good to see her sleep comfortably The guardian stared at her sleeping quietly.. A few days later Lee Chan-Jong revisited the house for leash training Guardian is ready for the training Lee Chan-Jong, behaviorist: Put her on a leash now Huh? Sandeul stays calm even when the guardian’s trying to leash her Sandeul reacts calmly Outta girl !!! You’re doing well. You can practice this on your own Repeated training with a shorter leash! Lee Chan-Jong, behaviorist: Slow down Nos Sandeul takes the leash comfortably!! Lee Chan-Jong: Ow~ Well done! 
Guardian: Good girl!!! What about a house stroll? Sandeul follows the guardian well Guardian: Thanks Sandeul. Thanks for waiting this long. So sorry for not knowing much about you Sandeul: I missed you too momma A video is sent to us after few days, and Sandeul was there, having a good time on a leash 