A dog walking across the field But it appears, she has a severe scar around her neck Her neck was covered with stained blood, almost blackened Informant : Should be either a snare or a leash, 
but it got so old, Guess, as the dog got bigger, the leash has gradually tightened She always stays in the mountain, overlooking.. The wounded dog usually gets seen from the hill, not far from the field Some traces found tell that the dog's been fed by someone We've decided to take a closer look at this place The dog who walks into the graveyard, as if used to it And there comes another, who follows the former dog behind.. Those two are always going in pair Yet, at that moment A man appeared with a food bowl in his hands Hi there, / Oh, hello Um, do you have acquaintance with those dogs? Ah, yeah. My wife found them first She told me the other day, so I walked up all the way And found these two holding onto each other, in such a bad shape I felt pity for them, and I began to feed them once in a while Let's eat~ One thing that's relieving is that.. The wounded one never leaves this place.. Won't leave this place. Both of them. 
They get away for a while and comes back in no time. They live in the bushes, inside the bushes Wondered why they're still around Even though they're wary of the people.. Yet it turns out "Pups, pups here!" "Oh.. My god.." The mister who just checked on where the dogs were staying Found pups deep inside the bushes The pups seemingly appear to be newborns Something was twitching, So I thought They've been hiding in there, taking a sleep or sort Never imagined there would be pups, good lord Nobody imagined the being of these pups A few moments later, When the people are gone, The dogs came back Looking closely at the pups, deep inside the confined bushes Only then, the sense of relief sits on her face Since when have you guys been looking after them? Around summertime, 
saw two of them roaming around, here and there. But at that time, they looked completely fine.
There weren't any wounds And they'd gone for a while since then.. Not so long ago, the dogs seemed healthy and well Yet one day, Both came back with the severe injuries Wanted to help so badly, but Due to their heightened wariness It was even difficult to take a step closer to them As soon as the lady leaves the scene, Only then, the mother dog starts to feed herself Yet, her companion only seems to watch her eat The one who hurt her leg, she always let her have it first She waits up until the mother dog fills her stomach, and When the mother dog steps back, she eats the rest of it Sometimes she licks the mother dog's wounds, where the leash is The companion always stays at the mother dog's side, Even looking after her wounds.. After the mother dog's done eating, She begins to feed herself with the rest Until when will they be able to sustain, even in this cold We should do something about it real quick, As the weather's getting colder and colder, not to mention their pups, in such cold Need for rescue now Even for the sake of the pups, An immediate rescue is needed Yet, in need for a deliberate action Since it's the graveyard opened on all sides Using the capturing tool to capture them both is probably our best chance First, we'll prioritize capturing the grown-ups and then, 
will rescue the pups separately. If we act rash approaching the pups The mother dog might become overly aggressive 
and possibly give up on her pups Hence, we've decided to capture both of them at the same moment Along with the installment of the capturing tool Will our wish come true? The couple will place the food as it used to be And seemingly endless 'waiting'  has begun After some time passed, The dogs made an appearance at last Both seem wary about the capturing tool
 popped out, out of nowhere Some are fretting about the situation nervously However, the dogs became more cautious 
about the changed surroundings, Eventually hid themselves out into the mountain again Will this be an end of the rescue? Guess they're keeping their guards up since more people are around When we all felt more anxious about the circumstance.. Uhhh! She's there Come here, Food's here, come on Come, quickly come As soon as the mister came forward to lure them into the cage, Good girl, that's right
Go on, on you go The mother dog slowly takes a step into the cage, Soon after the companion wanders around the cage, She's taking a step into the cage as well Gonna press the button The rescue succeeds! Got 'em, we got 'em The dogs are left in shock by the unexpected It's okay, don't you worry
It's all for good Can't imagine how much these two might have suffered In such a cold weather In such a wounded shape.. You'll now stay somewhere warm and cozy.. As if they're worn out living on the streets Right get in there, good job Both stepping into the cage without much difficulty The grown dogs are safely rescued And now, it's the pups' turn The pups finally come out to the world To the world outside the deep, dark, bushes All six are rescued safe and sound! As though all six were well nurtured, they all look healthy and well Even in such cold weather, haven't lost a single one of them And well-breastfed as well, looking all chubby 
Gosh they're adorable To heal the wound as quickly as possible We've rushed to the hospital However, Vet : It's the worst I've ever seen The moment she's set free from the leash that's been tightening around her neck Vet : This almost looks like a lump?
If it's left like this for long as chronically infected and inflamed, This part can grow like a lump This would have been painful even to drink water.. She must have been enduring such pain Just for her pups' well-being The vet begins to take a look at The condition of the mother dog's companion Vet : Starting from the neck side, a wire is penetrated Through the armpit, and stuck out this way Vet : I think, someone made a knot here If you look closely, it's possible to tighten up even more Guess somebody did it by purpose As you can see, the knot's been tied up to tighten this one's neck Ah, so you mean that someone made it like a snare with intention? Vet : Yes, exactly He suspects, someone tied up a snare around this one's neck With a menacing purpose, to hurt the dog Why would some cause such a pain To these innocent beings..? Although it's been tough for both of them, they were able to endure such a long time, relying on each other Vet : It looks like, having surgery might sound quite risky in this condition Only after taking some rest, injecting IVs, and dressing to disinfect the wounds, We can progress with the surgery It's pups' turn to take a medical test Vet : Considering the environment, they grew up, they comparatively grew up well Quite plumped and overall conditions looking good as well Thanks to God, not even a single one of them is ill The pups are put back to their mommy And, The mister visited the hospital to check on them I'm going to make you a home to stay So take good care of yourselves, okay? Not only they've got home but also a new family! The only thing left now is.. To live happily ever after! 