There's a cat who sometimes visits my house and is seemly injured Look here, Is it..? The footprints of the cat go up the stairs which indicates that the cat's somewhere up in the stairs The cat's foreleg is totally twisted Her foreleg wasn't like this before It wasn't as bad as like now 4-5 years ago The cat in the footage had her foreleg severely twisted Another house where she's been spotted almost every day Hello, we're from Kritter Klub Have you seen a limping cat? Yeah, she doesn't seem well these days Especially the foreleg part.. The traces of the cat are found everywhere Wonder how bad is her condition would be She must be dragging her wounds everywhere like this.. Must be so hurtful Then a cat appears Who's that? / The injured cat's kitten The man even saw the cat giving birth Her belly was full that she kept still.. Looked skinny So I fed her out of pity, and then she settled down here For the cat who's nursing her kitten despite the injury The man has been feeding the cat for about 4 years Will she appear today again? Seeing his cat with a fine leg, This one must be her kitten He came alone without his mom But then, The mother cat finally turns up Her leg seems to be injured badly She doesn't walk to eat food when it's before her Just watching her kitten eats Only after her kitten's done eating, She walks towards the bowl to fill her tummy Her condition has gotten worse recently Kkamang, Kkamang She won't let anyone come closer to her This is why I couldn't help her out The residents are frustrated since the cat won't let them help How did she end up like that Many cars are passing by and motorcycles for food delivery I wonder if she got hit by a car I think she was hurt by human. If not, how could her foreleg be twisted like that Her wound is getting worse, day by day Can't just leave her untreated like this With the help from the animal rescue group Decide to wati for her after placing the capture cage After a while The mother cat finally showed up Her kitten who appeared after her Approaches to the food bowl without hesitating The mother cat is here Soon after, the mother cat appeared as well Watching her kitten eating, the mother cat doesn't easily put her guard down She's extremely wary now But then, The mother cat goes into the cage The cat goes into the cage Rescue success We got them! To prepare for any emergency The hurriedly checks inside the cage Thankfully, both are rescued How did she endure those 5 years with such horrible conditions? Seeing her wound at a closer look, I feel bad that I couldn't rescue her earlier It's fortunate that she's rescued safely Transferred to the hospital Check her leg injury Seeing no fractures, I think ligaments that hold the wrist are damaged that it's hardened because the wrist is completely twisted when it's left untreated How did she end up like this For example, she must have been caught in a snare or something. Or fractures on her ankle could've occurred if she tried to pull it out with the whole body load on it With her ankle stuck in something like a snare, Her ligament could've been broken when she tried to pull it out of the snare If it's left untreated, the infection could develop to her leg where her leg needs to be amputated in worst case She receives surgery which enables her to step on her foot by adjusting the angle of her ankle Bones should be healed as the joints are fixed The surgery went well that all we have to do now is to watch how she recovers Her recovery has left A guest visiting her Kkamang, get treated well and come back soon I will feed you chicken breast until you completely recover Hope she gets in good shape again.. 