[Captured footage] Cat I thought he was eating it.. The one who appeared one day and brought chaos to the village But as soon as I saw him, he was a cheetah! His legs were long and ears were pricked up I'm scared. I think he'd harm people too The crew :  Don't come What's his identity Feline specialist Feline specialist : I think he's an African serval cat, the small and medium sized feline, whose main habitat is the southern part of Sahara Those who are mixed with normal cat breeds are known as Savannah cats and are often being kept as pets Thus, there's a chance that he might be a Savannah cat Careful Careful Animal expert : They live in the woods where they can completely hide themselves Animal expert :  I heard that the ate stray cats I think the remains are somewhere here Traces of him are found.. (A hideous cat carcass) Animal expert : It's hard to consider him as a beast But he can be a great danger to children and pet animals such as small dogs and cats in the village Before they face enormous danger, Hissing Decide to rescue him quickly! Korean Animal Welfare Association : We made a capture cage which is bigger than the one to catch cats More than usual, Carefully and meticulously done making Soon after He came! I'm hungry Record me, hoomans Imma eat (K) Rescued But.. He's more gentle than expected? The crew : He's not agitated that much? Korean Animal Welfare Association : Yes, he's more patient than we thought he'd be I was worried he might go romp crazily Sniff Have a feeling that he might be a pet animal.. To find out who he is a genetic test has begun Two weeks later Agency for genetic tests : Savannah cat He's at least considered as F1 and F2 since his spots are clear The resuced one is assumed to be F1 or F2 But Even those F1, F2 Savannah cats who are 1st-2nd generations of serval cats shourescuedive treatment equivalent to that of a serval cat The fact that he whom individuals are not allowed to raise appeared in a rural village remains mysterious Until the truth about him is revealed he'll be protected in a designated zoo 