Dawn on a rainy day Upon hearing Ttang's cry Everyone wakes up and looks at him... Daughter : Whew it's all wet, mom.. It's already been a year since they began to take care Ttang by very side You had a dream? / Mom's right here.. Ah.. You the blanket is wet.. Oh no, you pooped.. Did he poop? Yup. He's trying to poop, but he.. A painful groan goes on.. He needs to push it harder, (to empty his bowels), but he can't so.. Ttang can release only with assistance Due to their repetitive daily routine.. The family and Ttang both are getting exhausted.. If I don't get sound sleep, sometimes I feel exhausted so I just tap his butt.. After then, I regret again thinking that 'Why did I do that..' I don't know if I am doing right or wrong, I don't even know that I should do Whether letting him go is the right way or not.. I'm not sure yet.. Not sure yet.. But still.. The family members are not ready to let Ttang go yet When I look at his eyes, I just.. can't euthanize him.. So I just pat the dog every day.. and pray for her.. to feel less painful and pass away while sleeping.. Only if Ttan could endure.. 19 years ago They first met Ttang at a dog shelter in Japan All those past 19 years together They've created happy memories together So we.. can't let go of Ttang's hands.. Every moment is a crisis for such elder dog... Eat up, please.. Huh..? It's the last one for sure! Almost done! I'm so sorry for you, it's the last bite Open your mouth~ Even humans want to give up when we get too sick Then I wonder if it's right for me to treat her like this... Is this what Toto really wants? I feel sorry for her, but.. Hope she can hang in there. Although she was given only six months to live Thankfully, Toto has been through the time of a year.. Every day is like a battle. But still I'm grateful for her that she overcomes all difficulties every day.. She's lived for 3 months, 6 months, and now it's been a year As we've seen this.. especially my daughter can get more energy from it Trusting each other, a year has passed now And.. 'Hope she stays with us, just for one more day..' Desperate wishes.. Because they've been together for a long time They cherish each day of their lives. Have to face the parting moment with our dog soon How should we prepare for our last farewell..? Continued in part 2 