Informant : Comes out of that thing, that ditch Informant : Sweetheart, come out~ Come out of there As one of our crew takes a look close to the ditch, There are two retrievers inside the waterway! There's a way in which they were able to come in and out, But they've spent most of their time, inside the waterway Not only the waterway's condition seems very poor, but also The retrievers' conditions got extremely unwell, day by day Hence, we decided to recue them as soon as possible Rescue team : I can see their feces here and there,
and it seems very watery, with no shapes at all It seems quite urgent to bring them to the clinic Rescue team : There are some empty kennels on the right and left, 
in which they can hide away. Once they do so, it makes the rescue so much difficult, so we will set a capture frame, 
surrounding the waterways of the channel and will catch them by caging them first First, block the wayouts, And lure them out with a delish pet food The plan is to seal off all the possible wayouts, 
the moment when they come out The rescue team watches the scene nervously How long has it been.. One of them is slowly stepping out of the waterway Tho this one saw all those setups, 
one approaches the food bowl without any suspicion Another one seemingly tries to come out One stops to sniff the setup for a second And shortly, goes back inside the waterway.
This one's apparently very guarded As if calling the other one who walked out.. she raises her voice  in anxiety He immediately stops eating as he hears her barking Rescue team : The other one's not coming out 
and keeps calling the one who's outside, So I'm thinking of spraying some water inside the hole from the back As the one who came out shouldn't go back inside, 
the team tries to push another retriever to step out, by spraying some water through the connected drain At last, the retriever steps out The only thing left is to lure them inside the cage without having them startled.. Both panicking because of the unexpected situations Informant :  Hey, get in there. You'll only be saved if you get in there! Informant :  At last~! As one watched another, she steps into the cage herself too Both of them are successfully rescued! Informant : Look at this one~ Hey! You're alright now. Yeah? It's all good Informant : Makes me cry.. when I think about their hardship. But at the same time, relieved as they got out Though a farewell hurts.. the informant wishes all the best for what's ahead of them First thing's first before their new start..! Begins with checking the recognition chip, but unable to spot one Vet : As far as I see from the dental condition, 
this one seems like a two or three-year-old Vet : Oh, you can see eye-warm, right? PD : Eye-warm? Vet : Something's moving here right? Since they've been living in the unhygienic spots for long, 
quite an amount of eye-warms are spotted from their eyes Thankfully, it's all going to be fine, once it's all removed and disinfected A few tests are carried out to find the reason behind diarrhea and throw-ups Vet : First, there wasn't a particular reason for the throw-up. Neither of them carries enteritis nor parasites As you can see here, their kidneys look just fine as well Even the blood tastes don't say anything wrong.
Just about the slight anemia. Nothing other than that. Turns out.. It was all about STRESS Vet : Bit scared of people, but don't seem aggressive at all.
Guess they are rescued at the right time Though they seem timid, they're such sweethearts.
They'll be able to meet good families PD : He's wagging Hope they could find good families and be loved as much as they deserve.. Three months later, Animal Behaviorist : They've found a good adopter.. 
so we're going to bring them there Thankfully, they're moving into a new home, together..! Animal Behaviorist : Go, Play!! What's more surprising is.. How much they've changed Can't believe they've become this bright, from the past when they dodged whenever they saw people Yet all of the sudde, this one moves into the corner Animal Behaviorist : This girl here, always desires to have her own space and stay here Unlike usual retrievers, she's very timid and introverted, I'd say She used to stay behind her friend when both of them were in the waterway.. And got easily sacred, or wary.. She's shy by nature, and once she experienced such a terrible moment in her life, It became way difficult for her to overcome her fear of the world The level of dependency is as high as she follows him behind 
whenever he's a bit far away Worried if she can adapt to the new people and environment 
in such condition though.. Animal Behaviorist : Since she's very dependent on the boy, 
following him around everywhere, Once (the new owner) gets close to the boy, the girl will easily befriend the owner in no time, without a doubt Since whom her friend trusts, it wouldn't be difficult for her to be friends..
There's no reason to take more time To prevent anything happening at their first encounter with the new family, 
a dog trainer joined with us The new family who surely have been longing to meet them The adopter : They look gorgeous~ The adopter : We watched the show on telly, and felt pity and adored them at the same time.. so, My wife and I were like, "Should we give a call or not..?" And there it went, all of us agreed, unanimously That's how they've decided to take them in as part of their family Trainer : Have you come up with a name? Son : The boy's 'Mango', and the girl's 'Apple' Trainer : So this one's Apple! And he's Mango! PD : What's all this? The adopter : It's their treats (Jealous of y'all...) While Mango's busy picking up treats given from the family, Apple's moving into the corner, as if she's feeling uncomfortable yet Though the adopter approaches her carefully, As if she feels awkward, she turns her head around She might need some more time At that moment, Mango slowly approaches Apple, hiding at the corner.. Just as he's always been Apple's trust-worthy supporter, He's taking treats from the adopter 
as if he's telling Apple that there's nothing to be scared of And then, Apple disarms herself and takes the treats as well..! As those two, who have been dependent on each other, are together, they'll do perfectly well with the new family too Animal Behaviorist : When they first got here, I was worried if Apple gets edgy and might feel uncomfortable and so on.. Yet interestingly, not only both of them seem they're at home, But also the adopters giving them so much love
in which they enable them to feel at ease The adopter : This side, haha.. Thought it might be cold if they just sleep on the floor So we put an electric blanket on the sofa, so that they can take a nap there, Since it's winter now, we'll take care of them indoors, and move them outside when it becomes summer again -- moving in and out They've decided to stay in the kids' room for a while, to quickly befriend each other Now that we see them eat well, both seem they're at ease Surely, there won't be any problem :) Mom : Let's stay together happily ever after~ Mom : Let's stay together happily ever after~
Dad : Having funs~ Going out~ Mom : Let's stay together happily ever after~
Dad : Having funs~ Going out~
Mom : Thanks for coming to our family~ Apple and Mango, finally met a family who will stand beside them forever Cheer for the beautiful moments that you're going to build with your new family! :) 