Hoya has been a family for 14 years Owner : Hoya PD : The dog's running away Come here, Hoya Hurry up I won't call you, come here "How can a dog betray the guardian.." Installed the rescue trap in the place where Hoya often stays Nervous Hoya should enter easily tho.. Animal Rescue Expert : The dog came Everyone.. Don't even breathe.. Guess the meat smells a lot
The dog smells so well The dog must have starved so far The dog went in PD : We can shut the door, right? Slam The dog is successfully and safely rescued Animal Behaviorist : Stay here So excited! Facing a strange situation,
Hoya's extremely excited Decided to wait until the dog feels secure Animal Behaviorist : If many people move around, it aggravates the fear of being stuck even more So if the dog looks at the owner with fear, the dog would get a bad image of the owner rather than thinking 'please help me' Woof, Woof Waiting until the dog calms down Oh 
the dog has calmed down a bit now, right? First of all, Hoya and the owner should resolve the misunderstanding between them! Hoya refuses the owner's touch Is there any other method? With hands, we can feed or adore dogs but for now, the dog severely rejects the hand itself Using a hose!
Need to make the dog aware of that it's good to be with the owner Tries right now Tap Ok.. Get a bit closer..! Eating next to the owner! Take
one step
to the left Succeed in eating after following him Now, it's time to feel the owner's touch..! Slowly Since the mister continues to touch the dog, Little by little
Hoya begins to open up the mind The mister's efforts have continued for several hours.. Have you tried to do a lot of T-touch? Yes.. I did a lot. I continued to do that so far without a break "If I can open up Hoya's mind.." PD : Oh, the dog's wagging a tail Wagging a tail Tries to give treats directly..! Animal Behaviorist : You just need to make 
a bit more efforts Lick as much as you can "I thought this dog might never come next to me anymore because the dog ran away even if hearing my voice.." "Touched.." Lez wash Feat. Expert
Time to get closer with Hoya Honestly, I haven't read Hoya's mind I've never done for the dog from Hoya's side "Sorry Hoya.." "Daddy's sorry.." Hope they make up with each other and be happy from now on 