Urgent request
A mister contacted our crew in a hurry Why is he in such a hurry.. S T O P There's the one who can't see me Who on earth is it that he's so careful..? Here.. Next to that water tank.. Ah.. You mean the white dog? / Yes Hoya
5-year-old, white dog Hoya has lived together with our family for 14 years Don't know why and  how the dog can betray the guardian For a long time, Hoya has lived happily as a family member But.. He didn't come back after running away from home Why has he changed so suddenly? When the owner approaches the dog The dog's running away Hoya Peek and the dog's gone.. As the mister gets in the house Coming down Only then, did Hoya appear again What the.. So pity What the heck is he doing like that He just sighs, worrying about Hoya.. Plan A - Make Hoya jealous (Feat. family dogs) Attracting attention is successful Come Back Home Huh? So easily? Came came Righty, keeps coming like.. Turns We knew it ;( Hoya, come here Hurry up and go? Letting Hoya come back home
Plan B - Stimulate Hoya's appetite by grilled BBQ Smell, please~ Whoa that's cheating Hoya, come on What a formidable foe . . What on earth happened to Hoya before..? Wife who take a stroll every lunchtime : As the lunchtime was about to end, I hurriedly grabbed the dog And then, Hoya bit me and I told him to let go of my hand like this.. By the accident, the lady got severely bitten by Hoya Owner : I didn't see Hoya at all / didn't even scold the dog Just ignored and gave snacks to other dogs After biting the lady accidentally, Hoya was so flustered Hoya felt sorry for her but the mister ignored Hoya for a while Since that day,
the dog has been wandering around for 1 year The night falls.. Um, why do you shut the windows? Hoya gets in when I do like this Oh really? / Yes, the dog doesn't get in if I'm seen Since the light is off, Hoya enters the yard Starts digging in the food prepared by mister And then, have a snooze for a while A few hours later Before the sunrise, the dog hurriedly goes out of the house.. If the weather gets cold at like ten degrees below zero, the dog might die I should be with Hoya even if the dog is dead.. Hoya is 80 in human years! Everyone's worried about his feral life as it continues.. Rescue expert : First off, since the dog stays around this area and even eats food here Installed the rescue trap in the place where Hoya often stays Can Hoya be rescued safely..? To be continued in part 2.. 