I reported because a cat lives on the rooftop of my house But the cat keeps disappearing The only way to the rooftop is the stair connected to the restroom of the house How did the cat come all the way to this place? First off, we decide to find out where the cat lives Peekaboo The cat emerged from somewhere PD : Oh, is that her?
Informant : Yes, that's the one! PD : So she shows up here every day?
Informant : Yeah, she's the one who comes here every day. Once she notices that I'm here, she'd run away This kitty has been playing hide-and-seek over the past week Now when she's possessed by food is the chance to catch her! PD : Is she there?
Informant : She's gone Informant : She disappeared
PD : She was right there before / Yeah.. In the blink of the eye, the cat went missing Informant : She might have jumped to that house, or run down from here The gap is pretty large though. It's quite dangerous to jump over to that house Installing addtional observation cameras to watch more closely AD : The cat is out on the side
Informant : She's out PD : But from where?
Informant : Where did she come from? AD : She appeared from the flowerbox What.. Being extremely wary, the cat comes out from the gap between the flowerboxes and eats Then she goes back to the flowerbox A small hole on the wall of the rooftop A sewer pipe is in it Looking into is closely.. PD : Holy moly! Informant : It's scary..
PD : She's quite aggressive!
Informant : Yeah, she's very fierce.. Knock knock, excuse me.. Get lost! This cat got some temper PD : Woah... Oops Good bye, camera.. After getting back to senses, when we saw the hole again She looked very determined with a serious face which tells us that she will kill us if we ever try to go closer once more Withdrawal As we're gone, the cat carefully comes out Not being anxious at all, the cat grooming herself as if she's in her own house Then.. She starts crying at the hole and goes inside.. The cat who showed up again is on the ball and watches out? But..?! A little kitten appears behind her back! The elusive cat has been hiding her kitten the whole time The reason why's been extremely wary all the time was to protect her kitten The baby kitten doesn't follow her mom who moves to the other spot It seems like the kitten has a problem with his back legs Informant : Oh no.. Oh no.. The kitten's legs are hurt The informant has fed the cat every day since she knew that the cat lives on the rooftop The mother cat has taken her sick, kitten hiding inside the hole out to feed him She watches her kitten eating while staying alert For what reason did she take her sick kitten to the rooftop? What happened to the kitten and the mother cat? As the mother cat goes into the hole, The kitten, dragging his leg, walks to his mom They're a little comfort to each other on the rooftop Flies always fly around the kitten's back legs because of the wounds from dragging So the mother cat shoo the flies away for her kitten After spending quality time on the rooftop, they go back to their hideout How do they do inside? There was a space in the hole where the roof and the wall met Space was larger than we expected and was big enough for the two to live The poor conditions with trash all around, however, is not good for the kitten Mother cat is too busy to catch the flies flying around the kitten even in the hideout The reason why they ended up living in this poor hideout remains clueless, But the kitten is growing well with his mother's devoted love and care In the middle of the night.. The mother cat came up to the rooftop again with her kitten in the mouth The kitten keeps trying to go back inside But the mother cat never gives up and brings the kitten hidden inside out again Then she heads to somewhere else and the kitten follows after her Perhaps she wants to get away from the rooftop, the mother cat jumps up to the parapet Then, she looks back at her sick kitten sitting on the floor and comes down again This time, she tries to hold her kitten in her mouth and go But it's not so easy Eventually, she decides not to leave her kitten and stay with him Vet : Even if she's strong enough to hold her kitten in her mouth, the kitten will grow bigger It'll be hard for her to jump with her kitten in her mouth Unless the kitten's legs are healed, they won't be able to leave thee rooftop together The mother cat has to hold her kitten with disabled hind legs in her mouth to leave the rooftop together But the kitten has grown too big for her to carry him around That's why she had to remain in the rooftop because she couldn't leave her kitten alone here We decide to lure the cats to the trap cage to rescue both Everyone's watching quietly as the the cats are extremely wary of people PD : They're out!!
Informant : They were hungry..
Vet : Wow, they came out soon They must have starved / Yeah If we fail, the mother cat's wariness will get worse Thus catching them at once is very important Please.. Step on the device.. Vet : We got her! PD : Is she caught?
Rescuer : Woah!! We got her! I heard the door closing
PD : IS she caught?
Vet : Yes, we caught her Once the kitten comes out, we'll block the entrance After hearing the mother's crying, the baby kitten comes out As he can't find his mother, the kitten just freezes Now is the chance to catch him quietly..! We got him! Vet : Oh no.. He's terribly in bad shape His legs are severely damaged... Vet : The kitten's temperature is dropped, so we need to exmaine quickly to take action What happened to the kitty cat? The wounds on his legs are deep from being dragged on the cement floor Vet : Failure of moving his hind legs caused severe diarrhea, which created so many maggots on him The legs might go necritized if left untreated Why has his legs become disabled..? After examination, the doctor discovered the cause of the injury Vet : He must have been in an accident where he broke his spine Even If it's treated, he won't be able to use his hind legs anymore The baby kitten had a huge accident which left him a life-long disability And his mother never left him alone Vet : I think the mother cat has a strong maternal love If the mother cat didn't bring him up to the rooftop, the kitten would have died Mother cat's devoted love where she risked her life to protect her kitten She didn't give up on her sick kitten from the moment he had an accident She didn't leave the rooftop blocked everywhere to save her kitten Her devoted love will be a great support for the kitten Vet : It must be the first time being apart from his mother since birth He'll feel less stressed and cozy with his mom, which will help him to relax and recover Even though he can't use his two legs forever, he's fine. Because he has a mother who is the most supportive on earth and will always be there for him <3 