“Hey, Ppuyong! Ugh…” It’s one bright, sunny day and something has caught people’s attention What caught their attention was…! a cat on a man’s shoulder…?! What’s their story? Production crew: Is this a cat you raise? Mister: Of course, yes, yes Normally, I don’t let her ride with me. I try not to let her ride on it but, she just loves riding on a motorcycle so much… riding on my shoulder A cat’s on top of his shoulder, seeing around Arrived at the Chinese restaurant the mister works at As if familiar, the cat also heads in together naturally Wife guardian: Come quick~ mhmm, come quick~ Today’s star of the day, Ppuyong (female) Wife: Come here~ Awwie~ my love Ppuyong came? Kiss mommy~ She’s one charming cat She’s nothing more than just lovely… Wife guardian: Every night, though she changes suddenly while being charming during the day… Husband guardian: Ugh, it drives us crazy, really… What’s the issue? Ppuyong’s house As soon as the production crew steps in countless animals greet them! Production crew: Wow, you have a huge family? Husband guardian: Yes, we’re a big family As I deliver to various places when I see stray dogs and cats (on the street) I’d bring them home from different places and now we have so many of them… Ppuyong was also one of the kittens that the mister brought home! In order to identify the problematic behavior the production crew waited until night, the claimed time Ppuyong shows abnormal behavior. The wife guardian falls fast asleep Instantaneously, Ppuyong’s eyes changed! She jumps up to the pillow in one breath She seemed to be checking the guardian but Ppuyong goes back But then, soon after! She comes back to near the guardian’s face and sticks her butt out! Unlike before, the guardian wakes up, startled As if she’s used to it, she grabs a tissue and wipes her face and goes back to bed… Soon after, Ppuyong approaches the guardian once again and as she sticks her butt out to her face again the guardian pushes Ppuyong away, startled! Wife guardian: Hey, Ppuyong!! You did it again?! As she gets up and turns on the lights a mysterious liquid is all over the pillow Wife guardian: Look, you ‘peed’
Try smelling your own pee! Your pee! Mommy’s been smelling this every night! Due to Ppuyong’s pee attack every night oftentimes, both the lady and the other animals lose sleep. Wife guardian: She always looks at my face, checks it, then pees on it (face) It (the pee) gets into my eyes, nose, etc… Sometimes my eyes sting so I get up with my eyes closed and wash it off in the restroom. She won’t run away even when I scold her. She just stands there and watches me. Another war at Ppuyong’s place again Next day, morning Wife guardian: Hello
Production crew: Hi I couldn’t sleep last night. I don’t know how to fix this… it’s too tiring It’s overwhelming because of you! Really~ Ppuyong provokes the lady every night… Since when did she show such behaviors? Wife guardian: I think it’s been about a year since she started peeing like this. Production crew: 1 year?
Wife guardian: Yes. Ppuyong’s abnormal persisted for more than a year… Wife guardian: It was dumbfounding. At first, when she peed (I thought to myself) “It must be once; it was probably a mistake” But, it repeated and continued We even put her in a diaper 
Production crew: A diaper? Yes, we tried everything. I also tried covering it with a pillow She would rip up the diaper and even when she covered her face, Ppuyong always looked for a crack I don’t know if it’s because we treated her like a princess or if she thinks she’s a princess… We didn’t put her in princess attire since she’s a cat, but we did beyond that The couple says they were especially devoted to Ppuyong more than other cats and dogs They say there’s a special reason why… Husband guardian: 3 years ago in summer around July We got a call from our parking lot, saying (a cat) is dying. So we went and in her eye, there were ants and flies… the kitten was… 3 years ago, the couple brought the dying kitten home and saved it, feeding her milk themselves Thanks to that, Ppuyong who grew up leaps and bounds became a lovely pet catto. Yet, due to Ppuyong’s abrupt pee attack the couple says they can’t understand why she’s showing such behavior… Told you not to pee on mommy, but you did it again!! 
Ppuyong… why is she showing such behavior? Vet: This is called ‘spraying’ Like this, while standing, puts the tail straight up and projecting pee fast is an act of spraying One of the unique methods of cat communication with humans is spraying and it’s by peeing This means, Ppuyong’s behavior is different than normal peeing posture! Is there something Ppuyong wants to say through the so-called ‘spraying’? Vet: I think it may be that she has complaints regarding the general (environment) of the house Cats are territorial. The safe place where only she can hide a bathroom and sand where she can cover her smell and water and food that only she can eat from I think they lack a lot in those aspects. I think she may be expressing those (complaints) to her guardian… So, the production crew has prepared a private place for Ppuyong that she wanted desperately! She stares at it blankly, curiously As the crew creates a cozy space as if she loves it, Ppuyong jumps and checks it out! A cool viaduct where she can enjoy time to herself with Ppuyong-exclusive restroom and scratcher Ppuyong-exclusive space, complete! As soon as she’s let in As soon as she’s let in Husband guardian: We should have done this earlier but, as we have many fellas, we weren’t able to focus only on her Wife guardian: I feel apologetic, towards Ppuyong… That evening while everyone’s asleep Ppuyong’s suspicious movements began…! She approaches the lady who’s fast asleep and checks her face carefully… After looking at her for a while, she just leaves!! And she goes into her new private space and quietly takes a rest! The lady sleeps well without waking up once Next day, visited Ppuyong’s place again Production crew: Ma’am, hello~!
Wife guardian: Hi~! I slept so well last night She was too busy playing in her home, she didn’t even come to me Ppuyong also looks brighter than ever! Husband guardian: I wish we can live happily and healthily with Ppuyong and other fellas Ppuyong who expressed herself through pee attacks Hope she won’t disturb the ma’am’s sweet night anymore~! 