A cutie pie who will come into your heart without a warning Hey there *wink wink* Welcome I'm Timon. I know it's cliche, but accept it He looks so cute now~ But don't let him fool you I have no Idea what he's talking about~ Excuse me for a moment.. LET'S GET STARTED You can't even drive, why do you need a car key Hooman, I saw you accidentally drop the bills in here Imma find it Fluff, it was just tissue paper Damn it! I was gonna buy spiders with that money!! *Not for the faint-hearted*
Guess I have to just stick with these boring mealworms then.. What the fluff, let me gooo!! Hey you, 
stay here He's a legit troublemaker. He always makes a mess whenever we're not around Scold him with his mouth Woah.. He's pushing you with his arms lol It's a NIGHTMARE I'd rather die, hooman!! NIGHTMARE NIGHMARE Fml.. I, Timon.. How long should I live like this.. I'm so dead inside, but There he goes again.. Back to making troubles Time for revenge +_+ Gasps I've become generous after raising Timon This is nothing hehe For sure? I don't buy that! What are you doing now, huh?! You want more kisses from me? Is that why? MY VIRGINITY IS RUINED He has a finger in every pie mINE! Get lost! You doggo piece of sh**!! Among cats takes his spot Born to be a thief Feeding him mealworms Nothing comes for free.. Life is hard bro PD : Can he take those out to eat? / Yes I work hard to get what I want *not mealworms* Shake it until you get mealworms When can I get my freaking mealworms Mealworms : You can eat us now~ if you ever try to take mah hot and fresh mealworms My first bite now!! So what! He goes crazy for mealworms Chasing em Now that I've done eating, shall I get started? Are you zoning out after eating? It's his daily routine Just one of his daily routines He keeps his eyes on people or cats passing by all the time He keeps watching.. I got my eyes on you Dude.. Meerkat Timon and the real-cat Pumba Can I join? Oops, my legs hurt You got a cramp in your leg? imma help ya What I can be the only one who watches out bro Why are you guys competing for this lol 'Cause I'm professional Wait, I see something!! Emergency, emergency! Invader..! Hey kitty, get ready to attack your relative You ready? You are dead now.. :) That lil rat.. you mad? What's going to happen? Stay tuned for part 2 