Looks like a rag I guess it's been about 5 years... Rag dog strolling around for 5 years already Neighbor : The dog scavenges the trash to eat As you saw her.. Can't even stare at her cuz she's so poor To the point where it's hard to imagine how she used to look before Her hair is a mass of tangles Follow after her and arrives at the place where We spot another similar-looking dog The place where they disappeared is A house with trash everywhere Packed with dangerous stuff There's even a puppy carcass How long have they lived in this house? Neighbor : About 5 years ago, two dogs have been living like that.. An observation camera captures another dog in the house The other one must be this puppy's The puppy wags her tail Why don't they leave such dirty and terrible house? Then One person goes inside the house The dogs are not wary of the woman at all.. Attempt to ask about the whole story they'd have / Excuse me Who's here this late at night? PD : We're from a broadcasting company / Why? We're here to ask about the dogs... Are you raising them? Yes, I do! I'm raising them! A grandma refuses to talk.. Her neighbors try to talk to her instead What's wrong! You think I hate them huh Actually more than that. What you do to them is worse than hating them I'm the one who feeds them after coming back from the city What are you talking about Do you think I wouldn't know that they've been starved? I really don't know what you're talking about.. Grandma, their hair is too long, right I couldn't cut their hair because I can't catch them. what should I do about it? We'll get them and cut their hair instead. Fine. Get them Can we? Yes, I'm serious Decides to rescue the dogs after persuading her Next morning The rescue begins.. Oh! I found her! I guess it's the puppy! Spots the puppy first Perhaps she's too weak to run away She lets them catch her easily Two are left to be rescued Ah! I found one over here! The dog was hiding inside the trash Perhaps being flustered She starts to run away The dog hiding under the car.. As they carefully push her out She's being pushed out slowly Finally, rescued safely Vet : She's a Maltese... Her look shows how she's lived for 5 years Meanwhile, Carefully taking the other dog out Who's hiding in the corner Rescued safely as well To check their health Transferred to the hospital.. Vet : It's all hairs And this is where her skin is Hair in the back is all tangled And as expected She's a mother She's the mother of this little puppy Vet : She still breastfeeds her puppy, so other than anemia (due to the lack of nutrition) She's normal. Cut her heavy hair that has been pressing her badly.. Even a hair trimmer can't go in it Eventually, uses scissors as well and manages to cut it out Thick hair flocks looking like an armor Its weight is... She had been carrying her hair which weighed almost same as her weight Instead of heavy hair The dogs wore warm clothing As they took a heavy load off their mind Hope they are sent off to a good family and get all the love they couldn't receive, and live happily Our mind is at ease, thanks to your help :) 