Previously in the last episode, There's a thief who's been stealing Cats' food, roaming every corner of the neighborhood The reason why Nureung is so eagerly delivering food here and there is Because of these kids.. Mommy Nureung, who's raising four pups, lives in an abandoned house Why did she end up raising her kids all alone..? The truth came up to the surface among the floating rumors Resident : That house, when they moved out, they used to have one (more) dog. Two, including Nureung. They just took one and left her all alone here. Resident : If you go to the seaside, there's a restaurant called *** PD : They live there? Resident : Yeah, they live there We've decided to listen what they have to say.. Found the owner, at last, by asking around PD : There's an abandoned house up there. No one in use.. People said that you used to live there, is it true? Ex-owner : Ah, it's the old one, why? PD : There's a feral dog, making a living there. Ex-owner : Oh, yeah yeah PD : Were you aware of it Ex-owner : Yeah, they came out of nowhere. Turns out Nureung was in fact, a feral dog in the first place..? PD : Is it him? Ex-owner : This is Gomdol The dog who they owned in the first place was this male dog Ex-owner : Everyone says this one's better looking than Leonardo Dicaprio So that Leonardo Dicaprio look is how you got Nureung hooked, huh? Ex-owner : Don't know when all started, but they used to stick together. So whenever we're out of town, she stayed at our place Now that we're thinking, those four pups.. He's defo their father Ex-owner : We tried to bring her here, but never got to touch her at all From last fall.. Nureung was roaming around the neighborhood and encountered Gomdol's house by coincidence Gomdol happened to share his food, 
in which it eventually let them bond together But the family couldn't capture her.. And while they were moving out, Nurueng eventually ran away After she came back, they were long gone by then In the end, Nureung had to raise four pups in that deserted house.. Finally started to look for the dog and her pups in about three months Ex-owner : My god, she's gone away again Ex-owner : She went behind there. PD : Again? Ex-owner : God, can't reach them!! Following the pups behind, the lady starts to chase after them Pups stepping out again Ex-owner : My my, that dark dog! Look at his belly there. It looks just like Gomdol? Ex-owner : They look healthy, as I see it. PD : Nureung's been feeding them well. Ex-owner : It seems so. PD : There's nothing to eat here tho.. By looking at those chubby little pups.. it shows how hard it must have been for Nureung.. Ex-owner : Better than a man.. hehe PD : What's better? Ex-owner : There's literally nothing to eat, but she raised them this well Ex-owner : I really don't have a say.. Ex-owner : I should be able to take them in my hands tho For the sake of pups and Nureung, they now have to leave the house Hence first, we decided to capture the pups The plan is.. Catching them whenever we spot them Ex-owner : Here!! Got one haha, get in there~! Resident : Oh Got one too~~ Ex-owner : Phew.. Thought you'd fell into a hole. You little puppy. Gonna spank ya (No offense)  if you don't stay still, stay still! Pups being captured like sausages in line lol And there, all pups are safely rescued This time, Nureung's turn First by setting up a huge cage frame We decided to lure the mother dog, using her pups as a bait Mad cuteness Due to the unfamiliar settings, pups start to look for their mom PD : She's here! As in to rescue the pups, she starts to approach the door Yet soon after, turns around and walks outside the house Just like that, Nureung is.. (Sike) Never gives up She came back After all those conflicts.. Finally came inside the cage!! (Sorry for pulling it too hard..) (Didn't want to miss a chance) PD : Got her! We got her!! Nureung with a terrified look on her face.. Vet : It's okay, it's alright To feed her pups for a month, she's been roaming around the neighborhood, 
stealing food from the stray cats Would she be alright, despite her past physically and mentally challenging living? Vet : Overall, she looks fine. It's been not so long since she gave birth, calcium and high-nutrient protein can make up for her condition How about those pups' condition? Vet : Often the viral infection, which is the most fatal to those young puppies, comes in the form of diarrhea, Yet, I don't see any signs of such, and even the nutritious conditions seem way better in comparison to their mother. The mother and  the pups have been living in the abandoned house, in reach of nobody, over the freezing cold winter Thanks to her care, all the pups were in good condition and well-grown Vet : Considering Nureung's only two-year-old, 
it's most convincing to see it as her first birth But, she carries relatively strong maternal love for her age And also by looking at the pups, They all seem well-educated by their mom. Not making a noise, hiding deep inside the house and such It feels to me that the pups dominantly carry traits of the wild dog, and the mother particularly did a good education on them to be able to protect themselves Although Nureung is quite young to be a mother, she's very wise and has a strong maternal love, which is also why she was able to raise the pups well and keep their home safe With only one will to keep those pups healthy and well, Nureung, herself, chose an exhausting life on the road From now on, she doesn't have to steal others' food Temporary guardian : Hello dear~ A neighbor has stepped forward to give help for Nureung and her family's new start! Temporary guardian : Heave-Ho~ You get in there~ Ex-owner : Hope they find a family, full of warmth and love So as not to starve or wander Temporary guardian : If we find a good family, I won't stop their happiness, But if not, I shall be her family until then Nureung, who's been thieving the food from the cats.. wasn't able to stop thieving, not for the sake of herself, but for the sake of her pups, who she feels so loyal to Is there anything more beautiful than Nureung's fully devoted love, taking good care of her pups in the middle of the deserted house..? 