Owner : Look, there's another one Did it happen yesterday again? Owner : 'Course, came by yesterday and ate it The corpses of chickens, Found here and there of the poultry farm Owner : It's been three months already Owner : 200 chickens just vanished Owner : There were 350 of them originally Owner :  But now, I'm left with only a hundred or less The farm, used to be full of chickens, has now lesser than a third Owner :  One or two killed every day.. Owner : It just drives me mad and leaves me speechless, when I think about it Chickens who he raised over the years Are left cold dead each day All these piled are chicken corpses? Owner : These are all deads The deed that's been lasting for three months But frustrating, not knowing who's doing is this Owner : I've been looking for possible spots, and clogged them all Owner : Been trying so hard, but I could never figure out where it's coming from Owner : Might be flying from the air or coming from the deep ground. Can never know The farm, covered with fishnets, The farm, covered with fishnets, and vinyl It's completely blocked, everywhere Seems like no one can easily go in and out The next day.. It's dead again It's dead again / Again? It's dead again / Again? / Yeah, ate one again Looking around the farm to figure out where it came in from At that moment, Found the chicken coming from the outside of the farm Guess, winged animal barged in through here A huge hole pierced up above Which seems enough for a winged animal to pass-through I reckon, it's like a bird.. A falcon, or an owl Winged animals that fly during the night.. Owl, for example, gets active during the night An Eagle-owl, a talented night hunter There were some events when the eagle-owl attacked the farm Hence, we asked for help from a wildlife expert At first, he looks around the near environment Wildlife expert : As you can see, this place is wide open. 
It's a perfect place to secure a clear view If it's the place where can trace back to the smell of prays or the sounds of livestock, it can be a perfect hunting spot, especially for the birds of prey wich good visibility However, After the expert studied the dead chickens, he came up with a different speculation Wildlife expert : Usually in the case of birds of prey, 
they cut the necks of chicken-like species Wildlife expert : By cutting the neck, they stop preys
from acting out or limit their movements Wildlife expert : And at last, they eat those preys or carry them Wildlife expert : But, the toothmarks like such, are slightly put here That means, it's not the birds of preys' doing?! Wildlife expert : This whitey part here, it's been broken by a bite with the teeth Wildlife expert : I think it might not be a bird, Wildlife expert : It's a trace of chewing, done by a kind Wildlife expert :  with developed molars, or with a strong jaw The suspect is an animal with four legs! This one's walked past toady, this morning As a result of analyzing all the footprints near the farm, Wildlife expert :  There're footprints which belong to 
three kinds of mammals, left on this Would the suspect be one of these? The wildlife expert starting to inspect the crime scene Wildlife expert : There are almost no traces at all Considering it's a poultry farm, it's hard to keep the crime scene as it was Almost impossible to find evidence To find the attacker, we've installed the observation cams And waited for the night Would the attacker show itself? When everyone's focused on the CCTV footage Here Here! Something jumped into the poultry farm And starting to rush everywhere within the farm A while after the thing roamed around the farm, and came back into the screen, it came along with a chicken in its mouth Pftt, look at that The thing does something else after it left a prey hanging at the corner Wildlife expert : It's checking on with the surrounding traces, Wildlife expert : Whether it has problems or not Wildlife expert : Or if any others targeting him/herself The true self behind this thing, severely gnawing off the chicken, is Wildlife expert : Ah... it's a wild cat, Sark Wildlife expert : Ah... it's a wildcat, Sark / A Sark? Wildlife expert : Yes, the colors or the lines at its back Wildlife expert : those all represent that it's a typical Sark South Korea's last descendent of predatory animal, Sark The two stripes in between the eyes are its original features Have you ever seen a Sark? Owner : I did, they live in the fields Owner : At about this point of time, in the autumn, those things appear Owner : It's super quick in action The Sarks look close to a cat, yet carry the same features as the predatory animals The Sark is the one who's been attacking the farm for three months! Came through the torn net above Sark fed him/herself with those chickens Wildlife expert : It's called Sark, a mid-upper class predator Wildlife expert : amongst the typical Korean mammals Wildlife expert : Has quite a notorious fame Wildlife expert : By looking at its actions, it's fully grown Wildlife expert : I suspect it a male Careful yet quick movements Meticulously erasing his traces Wildlife expert : It's comfortable, without any threats Wildlife expert : What's his doing is, he'll stay until he's fully digested Wildlife expert : In terms of people, he marked this place as 
his territory, as his scope of power And yet, Why as such predator appeared in a civil home? Wildlife expert : Sark is a legally protected, and appointed endangered species Wildlife expert : It's known as the numbers are declining within the wild, Wildlife expert : But recently, they happened to appar where people are living, like farms, found hit on the road, or encountered hikers more frequently They often do harms to civil homes But they also lost their lives by people Wildlife expert : These types of hunting shall be continued, Wildlife expert : Wherever it's blocked, they shall try to get in Wildlife expert :  But that technically doesn't really favor those Sarks Wildlife expert : (Meaning that those Sarks live) Is that their favorites like frogs, snakes, rats, or weasels may live around here To protect chickens, as well as the Sarks, Decided to be more on guard of the poultry farm Owner : We surely feel sorry for them, stopping them from coming in Owner : Quite worried how will those Sarks feed for themselves Owner : I'm sure they'll find their ways in the wild Owner : I really believe in them.. Wishing for a day to come, When the environment is well-preserved for those wild animals To peacefully co-exist with human beings 