Did you watch episode 1..? She was so scary. She looked like a bear I couldn't even recognize her face I'm a straw mat, a ragged dog Hurriedly goes somewhere.. and disappears The place where the dog went missing It's an empty house though..? Oh no, what's going on..! Look, dog hairs Ah, right Sigh.. Dude's poop Uh!? there she is! Doggie~ Don't leave! I brought you treats! Doggie! The dog's very wary of people Install a camera for her Hope she comes and eats Will she come back here.. She appeared Fortunately, as the mada wished the dog satisfies her hunger Good night.. It's our goal to rescue her before she wakes up Only one shot to get her.. There she is!! She's out there Where, where is she? Kennel! Done being transferred are you scared..? You made me so worry.. Don't worry Imma trim mah fur.. Vet : She doesn't look like an old dog and her teeth aren't that bad Medical checkup Shaving off her hair You cute.. hehe It looks like she's infected by heartworms but it's in low stage Her skin condition isn't as bad as I concerned It'll imrove soon once treated with antibiotics and antiphiogistics Gasps!! Hey!! Now you're a totally different dog after you hair's shaved off..! Same doggo Such a pretty doggie.. Imm raise her.. A new house for the doggie She's ready too Meongmeong The door opens.. but you don't come out I'm leaving Not answering, burdensome Pointing finger at her She doesn't seem to be afraid or have fear When I stretch my hand, she sniffs it Her sniffing means that she's trying to grasp the situation When there's a space between the madam and the dog I'll get in between them, which will play as a trigger and she'll have to feel safe and comfortable by choosing you She already felt..? Not sleeping Playing with beats for a moment Goes behind~ her back Right at this moment!!! She'll feel rewarded when something that stimulates her is removed It's also a reward when something she dislikes is gone As the madam turns and sits What's going on oh my dogness Huh?? 3 years of nursing her came to fruition, but.. can you look at me please The back is the weakest spot for dogs cause it's barely seen to them The fact that she's showing her back means that she trusts you that much 5 years of eating together is worth anyway hehe Animal behaviorist
Pet her all the way Yor fur feels like this,, She's on my leg My legs are falling asleep.. Not my leg.. I'll be working on care for her she needs to become active, not being scared of people's touch anymore Little by little.. but fast 