Trapped in a small and narrow kennel, living for experimental purposes We are called 'Laboratory dogs' Dogs here are used for experimental purposes Beagle Rescue Network : Beagles for experimental purposes have a number printed on their ears You can see their molars are grinded The past life as a 'Laboratory Beagle dog' Perhaps she still has clear memories from those days Compared to other dogs, One dog stays away from them 'Haetsal' came from a college laboratory She arrived here on Sep 30th last year There are three dogs more who came along with her, and they are doing well But 'Haetsal' still haven't opened up her mind yet Her shut her mind close Only a few could be rescued We will never know what's going to happen to those who are still in the laboratory 13,500 dogs are used for animal testings per year Among them, Beagle dogs take up to more than 90% Upon birth Only being raised for experiments, they're used in enormous animal testings Professor : Many diseases have been demonstrated and treatments have developed through animal testings Same for vaccines. All are possible through experiments Demanding constant sacrifice of animals to achieve scientific aims, however, is inhumane Why is everyone busy for? 29 Beagle dogs (for experimental purposes) will arrive as our family today Today, meeting Beagles who are going to live as a 'Beagle dog', not for experimental purposes "Aww, welcome" Look at the dog drooling Their body trembles Moving every dog in the kennel inside Waiting for a whole new world.. They've all arrived! First time seeing the world outside Are we safe now..? All they could hear in a laboratory was the sound of a kennel closing What else they could hear. Would they ever be able to see the sky or clouds Everything today is going to be the first for them Never imagined humans could be so warm-hearted.. But I am still scared.. They're bout to kick off a new chapter of their life, putting any horrible memories from a narrow laboratory behind But..! Shivering in extreme anxiety.. Seeing a whole new world ahead of them though, they're too scared to step out It's okay~ Come out What if they use me for testings..? Will I ever be safe.. No one .. Anyone.. doesn't step out from a narrow kennel.. Will they step out of fear? Or just stay in the kennel for the rest of their life?
Stay tuned for part 2 