Informant : Kitty!! Can you hear mommy? Meow if you can!! The Informant told, something has been wrong to a cat she has been feeding Kitty~ Informant : I haven't heard her meowing for about.. three weeks Couldn't hear a single meow for three weeks.. Is it really true that a cat is in there? The lady : Oh.. she had it! PD : Had she? Informant : Yeah yeah, she did. I gave the food in here and she had it all Meaning the food that was brought down, tied along the string, is gone, There must be something in there having the food..! PD : Can you see anything? PD2 : No.. It's too deep to see any To take a better sight of the cat's condition, Special Equipment is brought in Down the long, pitch-black chimney... The camera goes down with no limits.. Is there really anything in there.. !!!! Something is seen clearly from the dark..!! There 'actually' is a cat..! Informant : That's my Kitty, that's her!! This is whom the lady has been greatly looking for.. As something strange gets closer, the cat hisses as if she is scared The cat has been trapped in such a tiny space for three weeks... Will the cat be okay..? PD : But She is not moving at all.. Informant : I know, is it hurt or I really don't know.. Resident 1 : My.. Don't know how the cat got in there.. I feel bad for the cat Resident 2 : My God, how dark and stuffy would it be.. Can't even guess how much frightening and endless it may be day-by-day How did the cat ended up in here..? Informant : Kitty used to play around here a lot, at the rooftop I saw her hanging around here but found her suddenly disappeared. I thought she might have fallen off or something, never thought Kitty would be stuck in there. I was anxiously pondering what to do, so tried to feed the cat through here And then, I found a bag of food and water emptied. If the informant gave up on the cat..
The cat wouldn't have been this safe and sound.. How deep would the chimney be where the cat has fallen into? PD2 : Oh? It reached PD: Did it? / PD2 : Yeap PD : How deep is it? PD2 : 12 meters The height which is almost the same as the fourth floor of an apartment..! Informant : Like, this once used to burn the briquettes and dump rubbish bags. It's divided into two. Previosuly, the left chimney was to let the smoke of burnt briquettes be out, And the right was to dump all the trashes Informant : It connects with the basement down there, outside the first floor Informant : It's here, here. PD : In here? Informant : Yeah, let me open it But there's nothing..? Informant : Uh.. Kitty must be behind this wall. Like within this wall.. I think she is in this wall Of all occasions, where Kitty fell is.. not a waste exit passage with a door connected to the first floor.. but the passage of the chimney where it's completely disconnected from the outside..! Can we just make a hole in the wall?? Informant : We don't really know what's in there and it seems dangerous So we thought it was beyond our control.. The informant's been cautious since anything bad could happen to Kitty by her small actions Informant : So we have come to terms to break it open.. Break this thing here Resident : But if we do, the debris might fall down and hurt the cat Informant : Yeah Yeah Informant : So if we put this bag down through the chimney, Kitty can get in here Then, we pull up this bag PD : Going to pull it up? Informant : Yeah Yeah The plan is to entice her to walk into the bag and pull it back as soon as she does..! But the cat reacts extremely sensitive as the bag is sent down the chimney The informant couldn't give up on her So she made a 12 meters long pole, connecting a netted scoop at the end Informant : I need to do something at least, it's my last hope, worth a try Hoping to succeed, she sent the pole down, all the way to 12 meters Informant : It doesn't go any further.. that's the maximum To rescue her, the scoop needs to be as close to her as possible, But the space seems too cramped and dark to be seen, which makes it almost impossible to rescue her After all the plans been unsuccessful, the sun had gone down with heavy regrets Informant : Hey Kitty, here you go As usual, the lady prepared for Kitty's meal Informant : I am most certainly scared that we might not be able to bring her back while she is still alive, that's my only concern. If you get well, you'll feel better and get to see your mom again, outside~ As if she understood what the lady said.. Kitty starts eating, alongside her exhausted self Thanks to the informant's heartful care, Kitty was able to sustain Yet, it's still worrying whether she can endure this any longer or not Rescue team : I don't think there's enough space to start working on, It's quite a height so, Even though we can bring her up here, it might be more dangerous if she falls in the middle of the process, it should be better to rescue from down there Rescue team : Since she's hiding behind there, it should be better to work from that side Just in case Kitty panicks and rushes out, fences are installed to encompass the area As Kitty hears a drilling noise to break the wall, she starts to have the fidgets, being cautious about surroundings Rescue team : I guess that's enough to put a hand into.. (might be small) When the team wrapped Kitty for protection and drilled more to widen the hole, !!! Rescue team : She went up? What do you mean? When the second drilling began, she suddenly sprang up and disappeared from the sight Since everything is so unexpected, the team put a phone into the chimney, to find Kitty's whereabouts Kitty, supporting both legs against the walls Rescue team : Using an object which would fit the chimney, we are going to push it down from up there Safely lands into the hole..!! Only thing left is to open the door now.. Kitty rushes out with agitation Rescue team : Okay~ Informant : Hey sweety, it's mommy here, well done you~ well done Vet : (gasps) She used to have three colors with white fur, but it's darkened, right? Informant : Yeah Since she had been in the chimney without any ventilation, not only are the bone fractures in concern, but also her breathing.. Vet : Thankfully in her blood test, she didn't have anything special to worry about Not even the dehydration, and any bone fracture, it looks just as fine and pretty Nothing's particularly worrying in general I think the informant who had been feeding her, found her quite early Not only did she land safe and sound, not being hit by the walls while falling, but also the lady noticed her situation and fed her well.. were the reasons why she was able to survive in such an extreme situation Prior to starting a brand-meow life, we have decided to wash off her old stain covered all over her body Informant : Aww, you are cleaned now~ Informant : Aww, you are cleaned now~ How pretty~ For her, it feels as if she's in a dream, being able to see her face-to-face again Informant : I'd be better for her. Let's eat well, be healthy and live together happily ever after~ 