It's been about a year A questionable shadow seen in the pub Clink Smashed Bumpp! Breaks (bottles) and rummages food waste Look at this, someone pooped a lot rite here Can smell, huh? Stink Not only property damage
but even got attacked by poops The face looks like a rat Slowly creeps out of there It passes this way Assumed it's a rat Wanna catch it but.. Sausage So upset ;(
Keeps failing to capture Who the heck is it and where does it come from? So we prepared! Special fluorescent material which catches all footprints Pouring it on the predicted route of that guy(?)! Customers out
After closing the business Take it to the end Staying undercover in the room next door Swiftly Quick speed who the hecc are you.. (Startled) OMG Peeks
Ferret, it's like a ferret /
Nope it must be a weasel No no. It's not a weasel Well then, Who do you think I am?LOL
Jump (Tangerine) (Strawberry) (Watermelon) (Puffed rice) (Pork cutlet) (Pork cutlet) At this point, it must be a pork cutlet lover Oops I'm out of my mind
Hi, pub! I'm hungry now
(Cutlet crumbs) (Appointment) Because I'm just hungry Fluorescent material Stepped on it! It's all up to this guy now You rasca.. I even have proof now
Byungkwon Park /Ecosystem expert The one that has lived in our country for a long long time is a typical.. (I don't think it's a weasel)  (weasel!) weasel I guess it has slept and ate here
Under a sofa We can see so many footprints (of the weasel) The weasel often moved fast with food in the mouth so far The space under the sofa is the weasel's cozy place for mukbang(eating show) As we gradually broaden the scope of our investigation Oh these footsteps are connected The weasel's traces are left at the entrance of the storage room As entering the storage room It's black over there As you see this, A crack that leads outside As (the weasel) passes in and out, the dirt from its body has gotten on there, just being attached like this However, the weasel's habitat is elsewhere There're full of grass and many hiding places To a weasel it's a good place for living even if it's messed up Why did the weasel leave the house and come to the city? And how did the weasel come? Going through the city This is like a KTX(Korea's high-speed rail system) line Through the drain hole connected to the city the weasel could arrive at the pub..! But the problem is The weasel has stayed here during winter
and it feels so comfy It's warm and there're no other animals bothering Even there's plenty of food and yummy side dishes that's why.. But the weasel is still a wild animal Installed a trap before the storage room 
near the weasel's doorway That night Today is also
Hi, pub! Fortunately, it shows interest in the food Entered Bang The case of trespassing the pub 
is solved in a year! Naive naive Aww so cute, what should I do It harmed us, but oh my.. it's so small Aww what should I do with that guy Aww what should I do with that guy Gonna be. back to. nature [Forbidden to civilians]
The place which is a migratory bird reserve Full of grass and many hiding places is da best for the weasel knock Get out watches out for a sec and the weasel goes back to nature again :) 