Villagers taking care of stray cats They prepared a generous amount of food today as well But there's one who doesn't eat Her name is Dongsuk Actually, she's waiting for something else.. What she finally scores after acting cute for the villagers is.. She's asking to give her a food bag Once they put food in the plastic bag The cat grabs it with her mouth and disappears to somewhere She's known as a food bag delivery cat among the villagers She always takes a bag with the food and goes somewhere I have no clue what she's up to. I'm very curious Normally Cats are not interested in food in the plastic bag But Dongsuk would never eat even when she can have a delish food if it's not in the bag She doesn't open the bag and eat But always takes it to somewhere Where is she taking the bag? But soon, she disappears Upon hearing the rustling sound, I found Dongsuk going up the wall with the food bag in her mouth It was so impressive at first that I began to make a food bag for her She must have a reason to do so Would like to know her reason But we can't chase after the cat since she's so fast! So we decided to use a tracker Put the tracker inside the bag with the food and place it as usual With no doubt, she takes the bag Without any doubts she heads to where she usually goes Now All we have to do is to watch where she goes She stopped at a store next to an apartment Is Dongsuk there? I think it's it The tracker is found behind the store There's the bag Oh it's here Empty bags are everywhere It must be where she eats.. The crew decides to look around more That afternoon Dongsuk carries the food bag as usual The day when her whereabouts finally comes out from a veil It's been 10 minutes since she took the bag Dongsuk appears in that place as usual Thought she'd eat here today again, but.. A little kitten comes up from somewhere She puts the bag which she was holding in her mouth tightly on the ground and have her kitten eats food in it The kitten bits off the bag as she's used to it and Dongsuk watches at her kitten eating it Strong maternal love was behind her food bag delivery Aww, she's better than humans I couldn't imagine she'd do that After watching her kitten, the villagers tell one story.. Two months ago, she gave birth to five kittens in the base room Then she left with her kittens after two months But what's left with her is the kitten who waits for her to bring food Tough life on the streets where unexpected incidents occur.. Every moment might have been a tragedy to them Vet : Many kittens get attacked or fall into an accident In my opnion, after she's been gone through such pain, she could've gotten more attached to her kitten.. After she had no choice but to watch her kittens pass away She must be determined to protect the remaining kitten After knowing her story, Dongsuk The villagers came to help her, but.. She's not here.. I can see traces left here, but she's missing Dongsuk went missing She doesn't even come to take food bag I'm worried and also wonder where she is She has never skipped a day to take food bag.. Two days have passed The villagers look for Dongsuk from the morning That's Dongsuk Dongsuk appears in two days It seems like she's been fine As soon as they share hellos She waits for food bag Besides the food bag, the lady places the food for her as she starved for two days But she takes the food bag first But.. She heads to the other way? She goes down below the apartment building A small space below the building Perhaps she was anxious about their safety she moved to another hideout Before she moves to somewhere else decide to rescue the kitten first Meanwhile when she's absent The villagers came to rescue the kitten They decided to help Dongsuk to leave the cold street and start a new life in a warm place Vet came to the site to check if they are infected by the disease from the streets Firstly, Dongsuk is examined Milk comes out from her breast! She's highly likely to be pregnant Dongsuk is pregnant again? According to an ultrasound test, however, !It's sort of false pregnancy She has a false pregnancy Her strong maternal love maintains her physical condition to nurse her kittens Her desperate and overwhelming love for her kitten made her go through a false pregnancy She lost fat in her face and her muscles are weak She couldn't take care of herself while looking after her kitten Dongsuk must have been anxious from within.. What they need other than anything else is.. a safe place where they can live without any danger Dongsuk, relax here The villagers decide to raise them No more worries guys Stay healthy while living here and raise your kitten well After losing her kittens on the streets, She must have been anxious all the time Hope you live in peace with your lovely kitten <3 