Dogs roaming the moutain.. Getting inside without making noise.. Chicken!! Steal em chicken's meal Kkamsoon Kkamdol~ Come here~ Going there Ah.. They don't try to come near me because of some issues.. They don't keep me company.. Not giving paws.. It's more than just not letting him come near them.. I could just catch them Who are.. A senior veteran appears?? Young men are going to help Move fast!! Hurry Hurry Okay, sir Well! All talk and no action when working They're pretty fast? They're fast for sure!!! (Unpredictable, emotional flow) Ah.. Run hard Run harder Don't come.. Okay, stay there That attitude changes tho Pretends he's not.. But he kinda wants them to come (Slightly approach..) (Meat) Nom nom Huh? (Approaches just in case) (Meat) Oh~ Eats well!? Not looking~ Not looking Thinking they might eat when feeding with hands.. Closes the distance, little by little.. Almost could touch Ah.. They're very wary But The wound on the neck looks severe Wants to check in a closer look.. But the dog gets far away.. The wound on its side looks quite deep.. What happened.. to these dogs..? My legs were paralyzed that I went to the hospital to receive surgery for lumbar spinal stenosis Due to surgery, the mister had to leave the house for a while.. And Little Kkamdon and Kkamsoon were left alone.. When I left, I gave them food and said "Will be back from the hospital, take care", and then came back But it took so long, because I spent the whole winter in the hospital The mister's health was worse than expected.. had to leave home for a while.. The neighbor old lady took care of them But Kkamdol and Kkamsoon ran away from home.. As long as time has passed.. Their agony deepens.. Even humans suffer a lot when they're sick How painful would it be for such mute animals.. The house for the dogs.. I made this house for dogs to avoid rain and snow, but I couldn't cover the top so far.. The house hasn't been built yet.. (Stealing spotlight) Waiting for the owner.. A long rope is hanging in the entrance..? PD : What's this? As I couldn't confine them here.. I was going to pull this rope when they go inside for food in the house.. Great idea Filling a pot with yummy meals.. Place a bait Will they.. bite the bait.. Carefully.. With no doubt.. (???) The dogs are in line getting into the house.. Right now!! Are they caught!??! Stay tuned for part 2 