Meeting an informant who found a dog in an unexpected place Informant : It's been 2-3 months since we found the dog It's not a place where a dog would be.. Informant : There she is! There's a dog in the middle of a broad field..! Informant : She always takes a 10-meter distance with others She becomes very wary that he'd never let anyone come close to him for two months She might have wondered for long that she looks so messy The informant could find her easily because of her hideous look.. Informant : She always sits in the middle of the field As if she fell from the sky, Hwindoong randomly appeared one day and has been sitting in the same spot every day Why doesn't she leave the place where there are only roads, mountains and grass PD : Are there any houses nearby? Informant : No, the residential area is far from here. There's nothing nearby Why does she stay here when it's almost impossible to find food since there're no passengers But then! She hurriedly leaves to somewhere Wonder what she's up to In such a dangerous road Then she heads to the waterway underneath the road Is there any secret she's hiding in that waterway? Informant : Puppies used to be here She gave birth to eight puppies inside this small waterway Unexpected misfortune happened to her who cordially nursed her puppies despite poor conditions Informant : There has been damage in Jeju island due to enormous storm I was worried that the puppies might be swept away As the strom 'Solic' hit Jeju island at the beginning of summer It poured like a water bomb.. People hurriedly set out the rescue mission to save the puppies in the waterway Hwindoog, however, couldn't be rescued due to her wariness Since that day, she hasn't left and roamed around the waterway Informant : I think she's looking for her puppies when a month has passed already People were just trying to help But she must've been surprised as her pups were gone cluelessly If they were rescued together.. If she ever accepted the help of people, she wouldn't have had to be apart from her pups Informant : She lifted her guard even more after 3-4 rescue attempts which failed I guess she starts to perceive people as the catchers Hwindoong closes her mind and keeps a distance with people even more But we can't just leave her roaming the dangerous road What can change her mind is her pups only..! Rescued puppies have grown healthily Guardian : She resembles her mom so much But.. Why are there only four puppies left?? Eight were rescued at first But four of them died and the rest are remained The four who were weak passed away after they were rescued.. But will she recognize her puppies when a month has passed? We can use her puppies to lure her I will bring the puppies and lure her Hope she recognizes her pups and dashes to them Put the pups in the fence safely and watch Hwindoong's response Upon hearing her pup yelps, Hwindoong starts to move A touching reunion finally comes true..? ???? Perhaps she sensed strange atmosphere, She turns back and leaves Did she recognize them? She didn't.. Vet : First, the puppies have grown a lot for a month and second, their scent has changed by the touch of humans These are why she can't recognize her pups We put the puppies in the fence for their safety But the puppies yelping inside the fence makes her feel anxious even more and lifts her guard Hwidoon seems to not recognize her pups as their scent has changed But then, a car enters the field..? Hwindoong so cute~ As if it's usual, the dog approaches to the woman She even wags her tail at her Who is she.. PD : Do you know that dog? I often have seen her on my way to work I began feeding because I felt bad and she looked so poor... She's been feeding her for six months Hwindoong is here~ Are you coming, baby? They got close to each other at some point Her : I can't touch her because she's too wary But still, maybe she knows that I'm always here to feed her She gets less wary and comes to me wagging her tail when she sees me Nice. Rescue success is nearby Rescue team leader : She would raise her wariness upon seeing a trap cage we used to have So I thought about using nets near here to make a trap net Creating 'Not so strange trap net' using familiar nets around her Install it where she usually walks around She will need time to adjust to it.. We're going to place food inside the net and give her time to realize that it's safe for her After a while.. Hwindoong appeared! She is still wary of the trap net We decided to wait for her.. However, a storm came again With the storm Kong-rey travels northward The dog has disappeared for two days.. After the storm, visit the field again PD : There she is! She must have starved for two days because of the storm She moves towards the trap net Now! Rescue success PD : It's okay~ Check the dog's health first Vet : Were you scared? I wore gloves just in case she bites me But she's very gentle that these are useless How old are you, Hwindoong~ Vet : She's only a year old? A year and a half? Such a young girl have gone through a lot, giving birth and living tough street life.. Her : Hwindoong~ It's me Why is she so quiet, is she hurt somewhere? She looks so droopy and helpless even when her favorite human came Wonder if she's sick..? Her health is not that bad But she has anemia and she's exhausted after giving birth to her pups.. She'll improve soon with proper treatments She became weak after giving birth... But she will improve once she eats well and increase stamina Clean and neat Hwindoong Hope she gets lots of love to the point that she forgets about hardships she had gone through and live well After Hwindoong is released from the hospital, She'll kick off the new chapter of her life with the informant's family 