In an empty daycare center with no one else. a curious smell that has begun to spread. Principal : "I have to leave the windows open because children feel hot, but can't open them since the smell is disgusting." The disgusting smell came from under this floor.. Teacher : I never thought they'd be there 'cause I blocked the windows and everything, and couldn't even hear the sound.. Principal : I first thought, "Who went in and died?" So I opened it and found that someone took all the food waste there. There was nothing particularly strange on the floor that they looked at out of anxiety. By the way...!
While they were away for a while...! Baby kittens growing in numbers? Hehe Principal : Six kittens, one mother cat. Mother cat and 6 kittens, 7 cats in total The whole cat family is renting out a room of the daycare center without permission. these cutie-pie kitties are being looked by these cutie-pie kiddos PD : Is there a cat?
Kid : Yes, the cat's now outside They just run away to hide when we're about to make eye contact. They're very vigilant Kid : The kitty went into the house. PD : Where is the kitty's house? Kid : Here! Here! Everyone knows their hideout.. which is the floor Oh, no, this is actually an indoor playground where children have to romp around. When it gets quiet, After the mother cat comes out and watches around, (In class) Slowly going to move Like a string of sausages, the kittens come up one after another Every kitten's getting ready to relax and play.. Kid : Kitty's here, wow~ BYE.. How did the whole family settle down in the floor of the daycare center..? We decided to look at the cat family's hideout first. PD : It's about a span long. PD : Oh! I think I can see them over there! Teacher : Do you see them? Wow~ They all gather together there. Principal : I didn't even think there'd be cats in the corner. I couldn't see them at first. To solve the cat family's trespassing mystery, we're checking CCTV that contains a few days of activities. At the moment..! A cat came out of a crevice in the fence. The mother cat outside appeared on the floor as if she had teleported. Perhaps this was how she came in and gave birth to the kittens.. Principal : This is where the cat comes in and out Since they found out that the mother cat was coming in and out through this hole for ventilation!! Instead of blocking all the vents They even made her own passage from the floor to the window in the kindergarten Principal : I thought maybe a few kittens would go out 3~4 days later, but they never leave there because it keeps smelling inside.. Teacher : Rather, it became a passage for the mother cat to go back and forth LOL The mother cat frequently goes in and out of the kindergarten to breastfeed her kittens and even give them food It's already been two months.. Principal : It smells like fish.. I thought they'd run away if I opened it up, but they don't run away at all LOL The food that the mother cat brought from the outside.. Principal : Our children couldn't use the playground a month ago because it stinks when I open the door.. Principal : Our children couldn't use the playground a month ago because it stinks when I open the door.. (Tapping on the floor to try to get them out of here) Upon hearing the sudden noise, they're slowly gathering (Get out, get out.) Is she about to come out? She's shameless and very brazen Maybe that's why she could overcome all the hard and tough times and raise her kittens well so far.. Kid : Goodbye~ All the children left and it's all empty now.. The skilled instructor, mother cat comes out first and keeps a lookout After looking around quite a while Meow~
(Come out~) The kittens come out one by one after noticing the signal hehe Okay~ Shall we have fun now~ The children's playroom has literally become a playground for little kittens. So the cat family stayed up all night and now they've been enjoying sunbathing But since it's about a time for the kids to come, the mother cat's rushing to the shelter Under the shady floor where not only light but also air doesn't pass through. Maybe that's why the kittens look bad.. Can't just let them hide and live like this forever As the children who can't play even if they have a playroom, we need a solution in a hurry The vet and animal welfare association arrived the site for rescuing cats Vet : It's perfect for an environment where they don't get any harm from their natural enemies. But there's no way we can solve any health problems for now. About three-month-old kittens now have to eat well and increase their activity, but they can't do it at all now. Overall, they can't help but grow out of balance. It's a complicated situation in which 7 cats including the mother cat should be rescued. The mother cat has no intention of getting out of here as if she smells something fishy But the way..! One of those kittens suddenly goes out! Jump~! The mother cat gets surprised and follows after the kitten After that, all the kittens came out of there in lines hehe ??? The mother cat skillfully feeds her kittens over the footboard(the trap entrance closes when stepped on it) At the moment..! A kitten follows the mother cat into the trap.. Thanks a lot for finishing, kitty Scared by the sound of the capture trap closing, the kittens went back in the hole.. Fortunately, they're coming back up without any problems LOL (What's going on this now..?) Carefully capturing each one One.. Two.. Three, four, five! The mother cat and her 5 kittens are rescued in a flash. There's only one left now The kitten comes out of the hole and starts looking for the mother cat.. This is it!! Block the hole first so the kitten doesn't hide again The rescue team has been sent to the scene PD : I caught the kitten! Finally succeeded to rescue the mother cat and 6 kittens with safety First off, we decided to check the health condition of the cats who lived underground for a long time Vet : We have to wait (after giving a sedative). They'll calm down in about 5 to 10 mins Vet : It wouldn't be enough no matter how much the mother cat feeds food but, nonetheless, it's still very chubby. It's the mother cat's turn Vet : She looks quite thin and it seems she even has recently breastfed At that age, cats don't usually give kittens milk because the kittens have a lot of teeth and sharp claws.. What she's still breastfeeding means she's stronger than any other cats in terms of maternal instinct Having a medical check-up in detail Plump Kittens are in generally good health except for the eyes Even cats who give birth when they are old become weak But the mother has too much experience of giving birth. If she gives birth more in the future, she may be in anger Even cats who give birth when they are old become weak It can be problems such as dying easily or having an infectious disease easily. I think it would be better for the mother to do a neutralization operation to eliminate the risk of childbirth, and provide a way for the children to find each other's happiness. Vet said that both mother cat and kittens will be fine if their eyes with foreign substances are treated well~ Thank you for raising your kittens well!
Please be happy with your lovely kittens now and forever! 