In every step the pain tortures each other "Oh my god. No way" Because of the pain from choking he struggles but.. Helplessly, the kitten's being dragged It's an island, so there're many nets When snuggling into his mom to be breastfed maybe the kitten got caught by the net string.. By a little move The mother cat hides herself Lately, we chased after them for the rescue Maybe that's why they feel nervous and hide somewhere Due to the intense wariness We might fail to rescue them if we rush to catch them As time goes by Peek Carefully After checking no one's out there she breathes a sigh of relief.. Honk! There's one more kitten? Soon after, they disappear somewhere.. "Uh? Here they are!" In a warehouse A mother cat has raised kittens by herself The mother cat's strong maternal love Hug- outweighs the pain from her rotting body So we decided to the rescue them asap But then! Can't find the kitten who was hanging on a net? Let's find the missing kitten The kitten fell out of it.. Fortunately, the kitten is safe ;( Vet : It's relieved that (the kitten) fell out of it, but when breastfeeding he can also be stuck in (the net) If the net string digs into the skin, skin tissues on his legs could die in severe cases For the mother cat herself And For the kittens she'll raise Pork belly The rescue has begun! Soon after Carefully getting into the trap cage.. Bang! Bang! The cat went in! "Did she enter for sure?" "Nabi, we'll help you, calm down" They're out! The kittens were safely rescued as well! At first, I thought it was only one kitten Only the kitten who was being dragged "Whew, OMG.." "Glad that they're rescued now" Finally The net that choked her is removed Vet : If treatment of the external wounds (caused by the net) goes well It won't have any problem doing normal activities How about the kittens' condition..? Since the net dug into it about 2~3mm deep and became loose fortunately, he could fall out of it and is recovering The mother cat fed them well, so They're better than expected The mother cat and her kittens who have gone through a hard time During the dangerous life on the street The mother cat and kittens have always held onto each other May they bloom for the rest of their lives! 