Guardian: Chorong! Chorong! It’s already been a week A dog trapped inside the narrow crack She tried to chase a wild animal while hiking then she ended up stuck between the boulders Expert: Crack open this just enough for a person to get in Size big enough as a person’s shoulder width Keep cracking until that entrance I don’t think it’ll be an easy task Cracking open the rock entrance and head inside personally Expert: The important part is this feature…  This rock here is weak. It’s all crumbly. These…will all crack… Boulder that smashes from a minor shock Geo expert: (The boulder) has completely eroded Geo expert : If you look here right now, there are traces of water that dripped down If water has dripped down, that means that there are cracks within the rocks As much as water has dripped inside,
it means that there internal cracks in the rocks From the slightest shock, the rock can easily break down Expert: This is the most worrying part. Everything looks like a wedge or destruction. It's a triangle, right? Even at a slight movement, it will fall apart The bedrocks have eroded entirely, so it’s dangerous. Due to long erosion, the ground has weakened a lot If the boulder is moved by mistake and crumbles down No one can be secured of safety The situation in which they can’t rescue in haste Guardian: 
If something bad happens to Chorong… If… feeling so hopeless and powerless Man lets out his tears which he has been holding back all this time Guardian: The only way is for her to come out on her own is from hearing my voice I think that’s the only hope... But I can’t give up easily So I need to visit her often I believe that she’ll come out Unable to decide how to rescue her So they were preparing to head back down PD: Oh? Coming out, out! PD: Oh? I can see her! PD: Huh? You can? She's coming out! PD: Huh? From where Coming out from there, there! Guardian: There, there, there!! PD: Yes, a little more Hehehehe Ahahahah  It’s a miracle, a miracle!! Woah, what is this?! Chorong coming out between the cracks on her own! Woah… Oh my Suddenly, a miracle occurred A situation that is hard to believe even if witnessed with their own eyes Wobbles Wobbles Emptying a whole bottle of water… Seemingly unreal Mister keeps patting Chorong Chorong who endured a week inside the dark and narrow space Is Chorong’s health okay? Health examination Park Soon-Seok / Adjunct professor of veterinary medicine at Kyungpook National University:
Thankfully, aside from the scratches to the skin There are no other diseases on the inside However, if you see her walking right now, it’s not stable. Of course, even if we were stuck in the same squatting posture for a week It takes time for us to be able to exercise. Possibly within one or two days, she can walk in a more stable way And return back to her healthy self. For Chorong who returned back home safely Mister prepares delicious healthy food At the smell of homemade meal in a long time CHorong: What is this smell? Hurry woof and gimme it Back to Chorong’s self Chorong: Feeling dizzy waiting… Pestering mister as well HAHA Nom nom nom Delish Guardian: How hungry have you been during the one whole week Precious daily life that he wished for so dearly Guardian: Thank you for enduring those times Making sure this doesn’t… happen again… Although everyone said it's impossible Through the mister's trust and Chorong's eagerness, they made miracle happen 