A small storage next to the house There we met.. Look at her tail, it's injured severely A yellow dog's tail whose tail is cut The short-cut tail and traces of pain.. In such a horrible site.. Little creatures wriggling.. What's going on here? She's biting herself She keeps turning around to bite her tail Mother Jjongjjong did it to herself At that moment.. Jjongjjong growls at her tail Hey, what's wrong? Why acting so weird? The dog becoming aggressive again After getting angry at herself for a while She comes back to her senses upon hearing her puppies' cry She becomes patient again.. She'd never give the wound time to heal as she keeps biting it.. At that moment.. She starts acting abnormally again Mother Jjongjjong's madness that would maker her forget her puppy.. But her puppies are too young to be separated from their mother.. She still takes good care of her puppies She once brought a blanket from the corner to cover her puppies She's so affectionate toward her puppies usually but wonder why she acts weirdly.. After the birth of her puppies The owner thought only good things would happen She used to be a good girl.. The owner has been taking her to the doctor for several times and been feeding her nourish food, but.. She's never got better.. But.. Jjongjjong turns aggressive suddenly Her abnormal behavior makes her forget about her pups.. The puppies are not hurt fortunately.. But she can't easily calm herself down.. Once she crazily turns around in circles, she can't stop herself so easily I can't do anything about her She bites me when I try to touch her when she's spinning in circles The owner was bitten when she tried to stop her for a few times This stick just stops her for a sec.. Jjongjjong's abnormal behavior that no one know what caused it, and can expect when it will end Sometimes, the owner scolded her and tried to soothe her, but nothing worked Her eyes become anxious and she begins panting.. She even barks at void.. What's wrong She probably saw something What makes her so anxious? Why does she try to bite herself off so bad? What's for sure is.. that her eyes become anxious right before her abnormal behavior begins PD : Did she have a shocking experience before? Not really. She was very friendly that she wagged at people approaching But after she gave birth, she totally changed.. Everything happens for a reason Decide to watch her through a camera She's nursing her puppies But.. Her abnormal behavior begins again Without being able to sleep soundly.. She displayed such behavior more than 50 times She'd become sensitive and catch butterflies or flies flying around She began biting her tail, looking at her tail on the side She didn't bite off her tail to the point where it would cut off But her abnormal behavior became worse after she gave birth to her pup PD : Was her tail cut after giving birth? Yes, after she gave birth.. She gave birth for the first time After a tough delivery, perhaps she got stressed by raising the four puppy siblings Come out and walk around Several times a day She's taking a break But even when she's out Jjongjjong can't control her anger Does your tail bother you? Jjongjjong, why are you doing that.. Don't bite your tail, okay? As she gets back to her senses Perhaps she heard her puppies crying She goes back to her pups after a break A first-time mother dog often gets stressed after giving birth and because of nursing In such case, however, they don't take care of their puppy at all If her puppies are not driving her crazy, then what's the cause? Vet : She can't control her behavior Even when others try to stop her, it doesn't work As it got worse, it became an obsession She's going through compulsive disorder They're under stress which is out of hand Expert : There are a few important factors when diagnosing compulsive disorder You should observe what happens before and after the symptoms are shown Granted, it could be caused by genetic issues or other causes We should find what triggers the symptoms The expert watches 24-hour footage of the dog She gets worse when people are around Once people come in, her abnormal behavior begins.. and then she greets people One more strange thing is.. She keeps looking in that direction In the beginning and at the end The cause that worsens her symptoms must be in that direction Something in the warehouse worsens her symptoms? Stay tuned for part 2 