It looks like a gym is just full of people who desire to have their hips curved Meanwhile, in the corner of the gym.. Nabi~ Owner :Kkoma! A lady is calling someone while staring at a hole My cat lives inside the wall The cat in this picture Kkoma the cat she had raised for a year is now stuck in the wall He sneaked out under my feet while I was out to dump garbage at night I live on the 7th floor and here is 4th floor Kkoma sneaked out when the door was slightly opened The lost cat ended up at a gym in the end Gym staff member : He didn't look like a stray cat. He looked clean and cute Our staff member hugged him, but then he ran away to there.. He ran away from people to a hole where wires go through the wall Couldn't confirm whether he's dead or alive for four days.. I could smell his urine a few days after he went inside and I could hear a noise near here when I knocked on the wall We called 911 and people came to make holes here and there They waited for the cat to come out through the wall, but the cat didn't I looked up because of the rustling noise from above Then I saw the cat and he ran away right after we made an eye contact So I moved my mirror to see the reflection of the hole He finally revealed himself in two weeks after he went inside the wall We couldn't catch him. It was always close to catching him but I failed.. It's been 20 days since he got stuck in the wall All she can do is to place food near the hole.. It drives me crazy that I have no way to know if he got hurt or how he's been doing while stuck in such a narrow spot.. I wonder if he's okay.. The cat hasn't eaten well or cried for days, which is worrisome Where is he and how is he doing? Use an endoscope camera to look inside Beaming two eyes.. Guardian : Are those his eyes? Upon approaching, the eyes get brighter Guardian : That's him! PD : Is that him?
Guardian : Yes, that's him Fortunately, the cat managed to survive inside the wall But.. PD : The cat's running away! Kkoma disappeared again Up there Going up to the ceiling to check Wires and pipes are tangled together, and many hazardous objects are seen.. In the hope of the cat to return home.. Prepare a meal to lure him Kkoma~ Eat up~ Place her favorite food cutlassfish and wait for him Time passes by.. Kkoma appears He sticks his head out and smells the fish He must have starved for days.. He tries to bite one, but.. Goodbye, grilled cutlassfish 1.. Just smacking his mouth.. He tries to take another one again Grilled cutlassfish 2, goodbye to you too.. The guardian takes this chance to see him Kkoma~ Upon hearing the guardian calling his name, he seems to respond Can he go back home finally? Catch him! Oh no..  A man should catch him Kkoma~ Let's go home~ That face missing his owner for long.. False. He didn't miss her I'm sad.. Why did he turn his back on his guardian who he's lived for a year? It seems like he doesn't want to move out from the ceiling at all.. Vet : He doesn't seem horrified or anxious at all It looks like he's walking and checking around out of curiosity He adapted to the surroundings perfectly Cats usually dislike echoing dance music though..  What happened to him? For this cat, dance music like this is the same as his heartbeats So he has no problem hearing the booming dance music He would think like "It sounds okay to me" Surprisingly, the beat of dance music arousing excitement is very similar to that of cats' heartbeats Moreover, the sound of the music became low pitched as it reached the ceiling He has been feeling at ease, listening to 120 beats per minute sound Then is there any reason why he chose to live in the ceiling and gave up his life with the guardian? Vet : He feels more comfortable inside the ceiling That's why even if the guardian calls him, he wouldn't go with her.. They're not strongly bonded yet.. I felt bad when I first saw him He didn't follow people and kept hissing when they approached him I took me a while to get closer to him, little by little I managed to shorten the distance with him by a meter each time.. When she was finally about to get closer to him after a year, He walked into the hole of the wall.. After thinking if he should go back to his guardian or stay in the ceiling, He chose a life in the ceiling where he would feel at ease, not a life with the guardian Vet : He doesn't want to get out from the ceiling He's happy there But living conditions in the ceiling are poor Thus, it's better to rescue him through the hole and bring him to a better place Prepare a special trap cage for the sensitive Kkoma Enlarge the space where it's connected to the hole so that he can walk to the trap cage easily As soon as he comes out, the hole will be blocked Rescue success You've done so well! Were you scared? Let's go home now A month of his getaway life is over now Thank you~ *gasps* He's so skinny He was about 3.5 kg before.. Check if his health is fine The result shows that he's fine But Image testings show quite a lot of substances are in the river,  small and large intestines He has no big health issues but he seemed to eat wires and other substances out of hunger.. Vet : It's not problematic right now, but if they stay in his body for a long period he won't be able to eat and it'll cause problems like dehydration and diarrhea Don't worry, everything's going to be all right He's going to be hospitalized, receiving treatments Everything is going to be all right. Even if he has to get surgery, he will overcome it well But it just breaks my heart seeing him sick.. As he had survived in a harsh environment We believe that he'll have no problem going through a hard time this time again. Hope he regains health and comes back home Because he's my forever friend who's going to be with me for the rest of my life <3 