Yelping I am abandoned today.. ;( Why am I left alone..? Resident : It was a bit over 6 o'clock Someone left an empty box in front of the door So I went closer to it and found a dog and took it home The dog was found in the dump on the residential alley Resident : So many dogs were dumped in this alley It's been a while, since the last winter.. PD : During the winter? Since last December Dogs have been abandoned in a row When I tried to turn off the light and go sleep at 9 or 10 pm I heard a dog yelping and thought it was my dog Then I found a puppy here.. It's 30 dogs in total that I reported to the borough office and the shelter "30 dogs in total" This one's abandoned too, the little one called Sarang! It's so cruel for such little creatures to be abandoned.. But why are they dumped particularly on this alley? Moreover.. Vet/ Must be about 2 months old It's dry around the anus Can't see any problems All abandoned dogs were found clean as if they've been nursed by someone else Cluelessly another dog is abandoned.. Who's the culprit committing such cruelties Resident : I'd say it's a sticky flyer I made a warning notice and put it on the wall But someone took it away and dumped a dog again next day Without being able to take first steps, so many lives are left on the street But..! Among the stray dogs in the shelter There's one who was sent back home? Shelter Staff : According to a guardian who took the dog The dog went missing in the meantime when she went to the grocery store nearby And the dog was found in the dumping ground near the grocery store as well.. A woman showed up, insisting that she's the guardian of the abandoned dog The abandoned site isn't in the peripheral vision of the CCTV camera Borough office staff : Nothing was spotted in the CCTV camera The house is out of its angle Unfortunately, there are no witnesses on that way Korean Society for Animal Freedom (KSAF) : I've never seen such a case in my career as an animal activist I suppose the culprit dumped dogs in this spot for a reason The culprit must be associated with a small-sized illegal pet sales, as a form of selling them to families However It's hard to find any clue The one who found stray dogs sends them for adoption and works hard on nursing them Then the abandoner must have known about it If someone didn't find them In this spot dogs might have died lonely "We're not things" Sad reality that treats them as commodities, not a creature For any reasons, we should never neglect the worth of lives again Call for the investigation on the dog dumping case to the jurisdiction's police Animal cruelty should never occur again "Abandoning animals is a crime" 