HEADLINE NEWS: This morning, 2 bears from the Asiatic Black Bear breeding farm have escaped Escape farm / Village As it can lead to an accident An extensive search began right away After searching thoroughly, found a bear HEADLINE NEWS: One bear has been shot dead and another is still missing Reporter: How many bears escaped? Farm owner ‘Mr. Kim’: Two. For sure I’m almost 80, why would I lie? ‘Escape bear from the breeding farm in Yongin, only one escaped, not two’ Farm owner, changes his statement
Bears escaped, not two, but one.. The farm owner lied trying to cover up the illegal slaughter Local: They advertised slaughter bears so people kept going Producer: Asiatic Black Bear special A course. it has some kind of ‘hidden menu’... Hidden menu Local 2: They’d kill a bear (in front of people) and take out the gallbladder of the bear and would Shabu-Shabu the bear meat.. Really, in an online community, there was an advertisement for the bear gallbladder of Mr. Kim’s farm And.. In the video reported to the production crew Footage provided by 
Korean Animal Welfare Association (KAWA) Farm owner Mr. Kim was slaughtering the bear using a tranquilizer gun himself I think he's still alive... Farm owner: Oh, it is alive. Because it's alive, it's bleeding since it's alive. Bear dying in pain.. This terrifying process had to be witnessed by other bears in the cage next to it Bear carcass loaded onto a mysterious truck immediately Producer: You don’t sell bear meat? You don’t do sales? Farm owner:  I don’t sell. I don’t sell them, but I eat them, only the ones I eat But All this meat, is it for food? Worker: Ah~ It’s the best. Bear is a well-being food This, the thing inside is the gallbladder What is that? This, the thing inside, gonna take some out, this this Under the current law, slaughtering farmed bears over 10 years purposed for gallbladder gathering is permitted Mysterious stuff piled up covered in plastic bags It’s the paw, cub’s paw.. What is going on inside Mr. Kim’s farm.? Choi Taegyu, Vet | Project Moon Bear: The most problematic thing is the bears’ metal state. Their health is also a concern but.. The space used by one bear is 2M X 1M When it’s caged, there’s nothing the bear can do So the so-called stereotyped behavior or depression that we know well of and various mental problems develop. Producer: Oh no.. Look at the bear on the left Producer: Wow, this... This is too... Bear constantly shakes its body without a break Producer: Among the bears here, are there any ill bears? Farm owner: Because they have strong immunity, the bear’s active right now. If it’s not healthy, it wouldn’t play this actively. It’s raining, the weather’s cool, so it’s happy “Do I really... look happy..?” Another farmed bear at farm owner Mr. Kim’s farm It’s excrement, with the microorganism.. (Has) a windbreak lets in air and also lets in air from the ground so it’s a bear hotel for them right now. “Is this place really a hotel for us..?” Producer: But, why are the bears all lying down? Oh because they’re full, they’re not interested, it’s their most comfortable posture Bears living in such a poor environment In trying to eat the weeds that stretches in between the tight cage has to put much effort, such is ‘this place’ “Why do I have to be locked up in here?” Bears raised in Korea, the uncomfortable truth Stay tuned for part 2 