Dogs have been neglected for a few months As seeing them, Each dog is a pedigree dog How on earth have they been neglected and uncared at this place.. Animal protection organization : There's a body Even found a cold lifeless dog body But it's not just one or two..! From a little puppy that seems old to a dog with open eyes This place seems to be hell if it exists Animal protection organization : I guess someone brought dogs on purpose and raised them but suddenly couldn't afford to raise them and just gave up caring for them It's been long since they're neglected Only dust in the food bowls Can't even drink a sip of water In a sack, which should be filled with food There's a rat There is nothing else to eat. Animal protection organization : There's another body Next to maltese, There's a dog body ripped and tore off What's shocking is that.. the one who harmed the body would be a dog who's starved How long have they been neglected..? Dogs can't get in or out in the dog cage that looks like a prison but dogs still gladly welcome the crew.. But then Unlike other dogs who welcome The two Malamute dogs are wary of the crew After looking closely we could find the dog's puppy in her arms in such a horrible scene A new puppy was born like a miracle We should rescue them and save their lives But without permission of their owner we can't rescue the dogs Local : Seems like a man living alone. I just heard he lives in another area and visits here once or twice per month PD : Once or twice per month? / Yes Sadly, the time just passes by Eventually, a man assumed as the dog owner appeared at the cage PD : Excuse me, we are Kritter Klub from SBS How did you get here? Dog owner :  Ran out of water and food, so I ordered so that I can give them food and water But then, the man suddenly puts a drug into a syringe He explains that it's nutrients and tries to put it into the dog's mouth PD : The vet told you to feed that? / Yes PD : I'll be there for a while Decided to talk with this guy Man : Get rid of the body first As the crew appears, the man hurriedly cleans up the body Dogs are allowed to get out of the cage only after they passed away.. Dog owner : We usually feed them once a week We used to have a man who manages here with me But that man just told me that water isn't running. After then, he didn't contact me It's a situation that I suddenly had to undertake this because that man got a problem while managing here He said the man who manages dogs made this situation by improper management So the owner didn't know this situation We tried to contact with the manager Manager : Hello / Hello Manager : In the beginning, we were committed to raising dogs for running pet stores but it cost much more than expected So I texted him that I can't do this and not gonna visit there anymore Crew : There wasn't a problem for dogs until then? Manager :  There wasn't a big problem for them to eat and live The dog owner and manager have different opinions Who is lying to us? Oppa, a dog gave birth to two puppies.. This dog gave birth to puppies Take them out The owner knew that there are puppies here He separates the little puppies from their mother No! Catch this dog! The woman just ignores the mother dog who pleads to bring her puppies back and just goes out PD : Don't you take them to the hospital? Woman : No, not the hospital but I have to bring them to the house cause we can't raise them.. Without knowing the reason The mother dog was forced to be separated from her puppies forever PD : Have any plans for the puppies? Owner :  I will take good care of them Right after saying he'll take good care of them, the man also left the dog cage Doesn't he know that neglecting dogs is also a kind of animal abuse as terrible as beating or hurting dogs..? Animal protection organization : There's still no way to rescue the neglected dogs by compulsion under the Animal Protection Laws in our nation So we asked for the local government's help However.. Local government Rep. : The problem is that the ownership belongs to the owner no matter how badly he cares for dogs It's not the situation that we can force him to move them to a safe place It's better to get the owner's permission and bring dogs to your side They said that there's no way to help them if we don't get the dog owner's permission Uh, dogs appeared / Uh? Dogs are gone / All of them? Most of them are gone and just a few dogs left While we were out, The dogs completely disappeared Animal Protection Organization : I think they hurriedly moved on another place or brought only the valuable dogs for sale Only the large dogs in good condition disappeared now Small and ill dogs are still uncared for and just left abandoned by the owner We tried to contact the owner in a hurry Animal Protection Organization: Ok, I'll call the owner now.. The owner is out of contact We asked around and finally found the place where the owner stays Owner : Since I can't raise large dogs, I sent them to a good place We are about to bring the dogs in the cage to our house and give them a bath to raise them Where are the puppies? / They went to heaven Under the law we couldn't even protect the newborn puppies.. PD : Do you know the condition of dogs in the cage? Owner : Well, I don't know cause I can't check them often PD : Even now, there are dogs who are likely to lose their lives in that cage Still.. This is called 'neglect' The owner finally came up with a conclusion after a long persuasion I'd like to raise one of the dogs, the Afghan Hound Afghan Hound? / Yes Then will you let us bring other dogs? / Yes For sure? / Yes Except Afghan Hound? / Yes The man says he can't give up this Afghan Hound. So sorry for the dog, but we have to rescue the rest of dogs at least At the moment right before the rescue The owner made a phone call to us Owner : I'll handle the problem with dogs on my own So if you're gonna sue me, just do whatever you want to do The owner suddenly mentions that he can't give us all the dogs The dogs suffering without the help of the law Animal Protection Organization : The reason for existing Animal Protection Law itself is to protect animals' lives Whether we have to just see dogs dying due to that law or protecting dogs should be prioritized even if we violate the law We'd like to ask about that They have been living in such poor circumstances for a long time so I think they should get medical check-ups and be treated for now In the animal protection organization's judgment that the dogs' lives are much more important than the law, we decided to rescue the dogs in the cage Thus, the dogs eventually could get out of the cage which was like a living hell Since that day, the rescued dogs have fed well and adapted well Animal Protection Organization : Since the dogs eat food well and adapted well to a new circumstance they have much better health now We're trying to keep contacting the owner in order to solve this situation As many people improve awareness about animals We pray that all animals don't suffer anymore... 