I think someone's in the house A mysterious, uninvited guest hiding in the dark.. Someone's definitely here! We need to find out the identity of the uninvited guest who suddenly appears and vanishes Next day, visit an informant's house again Hello~ Every morning, I find things in the house aren't in order If you look here.. The things become messy every morning Things inside the trash bin were out I didn't think it was a big deal first but as it happens over and over even after I keep cleaning up.. There are only me and my father in this house, so.. She's showing the picture of what has happened so far Things were in order became messy all the time Things that were thought to be a concidence but now has become a horror to the family It's been a month already.. What's more strange is that even if they hear clearly hears something moving around every night and there always have been traces left.. But they couldn't find the uninvited guest not even for once for the past month I found feces here Feces from recent and others which look quite old Some animal's apparently moving around here But.. It's a four-story building.. It definitely looks impossible to climb up the building My hunch tells me that something's here But I don't know what exactly lives here, which is creepy and gives me goosebumps.. Install an observation camera Who are you.. appearing every night in the house.. Just like a main character in a spy movie a cat appears.. After making troubles, the cat runs away As the informant goes back to her room, the cat appears again As if it's his home, walks around the house Some might think you actually live here man The cat disappears like a wind again Next day The informant finally finds out about the uninvited guest in a month! Uh?! I think I know this cat.. Do they know each other..? I first met the cat on my way to work I heard meowing sound A month ago, she met the cat on her way to work PD : In there?
Informant : Yeah, the cat was inside here The informant remembers it clearly as such an encounter happens very rarely I fed him a bit because I felt bad for the cat Then I head out to work It was only once she fed him out of pity as she worried what made him climb up to the top of the building But that cat, who was thought to be gone, has been living in my house.. But.. This area! He always appears and disappears from this veranda..? Everywhere is blocked without any holes though.. How could he appear and vanish like a ghost? Back to the observation camera Wait, what are we seeing right now Dangerous acrobatic walking through the gaps between the handrails.. Spectacular appearance but soon it ends.. Leaves the house in the same route.. His hideout turns out to be a boiler room next to the veranda Informant : As we always keep the door closed I didn't picture that he would enter through this way PD : But how could he stay silent? Kitty~ Kitty~ As there's no other passage that goes through this space The cat should be around here Let's check Looking around carefully, The cat starts eating food By a little noise, the cat goes back again.. How could he survive for a month? There's nothing to eat in the boiler room.. Perhapshe he had no choice but to take a dangerous way to enter the room for his survival I guess he entered my house by accident And even if he wants to leave, he can't because the door is closed as soon as it opens That's why he's stuck here The entrance of the house is only 10 meters apart from the veranda Escaping is just a matter of time for him now All he has to do is to leave through the opened door But suddenly, he turns back and goes into the house again!!! Why doesn't he leave? He's just having fun.. Why don't you leave the house? Are you having fun there? Vet : At his age, he should have set out to find his area outside Seeing other cats being bigger than him, however, stopped him from going out as he thought he couldn't compete with those big ones That being said, he went into the house as his last resort He didn't want to be seen by people at the same time that's why he hid in the boiler room He found that life in the room was much better than he expected The room offered everything he needs including toilet and things to play with and the house owners can't find him He had no reason to leave such a fun place Maybe he started hide-and-seek out of his desperate wish to get away from cats threatening his life When he was in despair both physically and mentally to the point where he had to hide on the fourth-floor The informant's favor came to him as a light of hope Perhaps he took an opportunity to enter the house on purpose? But the dangerous acrobatic should stop now Place a trap cage in a way where he often passes by Perhaps he starved.. Goes into the cage sooner than we expected Rescue success He's smaller than I thought You've gone through a lot! Vet : Cats in his age group, who isn't vaccinated, mostly die from infectious disease He is in good health without any diseases like skin disease He could avoid infections as he had been hiding in the boiler room As he had to hid in the dark boiler room in the past Hope he meets a good family and lives happily Putting all those times of playing  the dangerous hide and seek game behind, He will bloom from now on 