In this peaceful place little puppies are flooding out How many lil puppers are here? Pup: Erm, no interview pls Guardian: There are 12
PD: 12? Oh my god And the queen who has birthed all 12 pupperinos must be this one! Mister: She's San. She's been living with me for 4 years San is taking care of 12 pupperinos and is exhausted she has lost so much weight raising 12 pups PD: She's so skinny
Mister: I do feed her well but she's taking care of 12 pups... they aren't all her pups even.... The puppers are not San's? Mister: 7 are San's. 7 pups are, and the rest 5 are Gum's. There she is. That's the one That dog there is Gum, mother of 5 puppers... Mister: Gum~ Come here. Let's eat Even upon Mister's call, Gum doesn't come near but runs away Gum has been avoiding the guardian for the past 2 years (Gum: I'm FREE) Misses: She doesn't even go that far. She's around watching here from afar Keeping a distance, Gum wanders around the house Gum has a house to stay, yet she still lives on the street and 2 months ago Mister: I heard pups whimpering in the mountains I remember it snowed that day... Gum has birthed to 5 pups at the corner of the yard Mister: It was about 5 days after San's delivery, when I found Gum's pups Gum left her pups who couldn't even open their eyes San, who birthed around the same time started taking care of the pups instead Gum appeared out of sudden Pups are happy to see their momma Puppers are trying to take advantage of momma's presence... Mister: At first we tried to capture him, we did. Yet, after that, she is warier of me and runs away even at eye contact. I can't capture her After a few attempts at capturing her, there has been a misunderstanding Lunchtime everyone has waited As puppers are growing up, there are pups who are pushed down the hierarchy and eat less and they are Gum's pups Gum's pup: Fewd? (Gum's pup: Let's not mess with him) (Jeez, they all scawy) San too, takes her pups side in conflict situations...! San is exhausted mothering 12 pups Does Gum know about this? Guardians feel sorry for the 5 subling pups Mister: Gum hasn't been breastfeeding enough, and it seems like San pushes Gum's pups away. I think Gum's pups are growing slowly Guardians can't let this happen What are they making..? A chicken soup for their good health! automatically waking up to the smell of it Pup: Dis is why i'm in this world and drawn to the food like magnets San also seem delighted at the smell of delicious chicken soup Mister: They are good for health, so i've been making it once a week Add seaweed for mother dog, and voila! Gum smelt it too and she comes around Mister: She smelt it too, she came here Yet, that's all she's doing, staring from afar The largest portion goes to San for sure for all the hard work! After San finishes her bowl It's puppers to have some Lastly Mister puts out some for Gum Misses: I think she wants it but she only wanders around cos we are near. We have to be farther away so she can enjoy Stepping out a little farther so Gum can eat She finally comes (Pup: Hi mum. can I hab sum) Mister: She must eat well and charge her energy so she can take care of the pups... Gulped down That afternoon For San who's tired of raising 12 pups 
Gum must end her stree life and come back home Rescue experts have assembled Observing Gum first Lee Chan-Jong, Director: She is too wary of people, and of new constructures. So I think we should set up fence wide where they do their living, so she can go in easily A wide spread fence is required! And checks if the lock works well Perfect~ Lee Chan-Jong, Director: She doesn't have doubts to her friends she lived together. If her mates are in the fence, she will easily come in For Gum to let loose her guard
Locating San and pups inside the fence and the rescue team decided to wait in car After a while Gum appeared Rescue team: She's here!! Pups started whimpering as they recognise their momma Rescue team: She's going in She walks alongside the fence and approaches door Gum enters easily as everyone hoped for As the door shut, her street life has ended She is flustered, she tries hard to get out of the fence At that moment, puppers latched and she is tied down like that A good news guardians have wished for so long Lee Chan-Jong, Director: Slow down~ Slow down They rushes down Director approaches Gum carefully and put a leash on him Misses: Wow For the pst 2 years, she's been making t hem worry so much Tries to pat Gum carefully Mister: This is great. PD: How long has it been since you've patted her ? 
Mister: 2 years! However, Gum needs more time to make Gum feel safe, a curtain is set up Lee Chan-Jong, Director: If people looks her from the outside, she'd think that she's locked up. Yet, if she feels that she can observe outside without being looked at, she feel that this fence is a protection New house is built for her Now I want to take her to stroll and live well. I wish we all live happily together 