One day, suddenly started a nightmare at night At that time, we were just sleeping on the same bed as usual The ordinary life of sleeping with her cat just collapsed in a sudden the cat looks at his guardian's face But, at the moment the cat fiercely starts attacking her and even acts abnormally Horrible wounds by her cat Every night, the cat attacks his guardian What's wrong with this cat? So we visited an expert to ask his advice Sleep expert : 'A sleep disorder that incompletely wakes up from deep sleep and acts certain behaviors' is called 'somnambulism(sleepwalking)' Vet said that animals can even have somnambulism.. Sleep expert : I don't think this cat has somnambulism. Considering that he suddenly becomes aggressive, acts fiercely while sleeping and the action repeats, according to humans, it seems a problem that puts what he dreams into action which is called 'REM sleep behavior disorder' What Dongsik has a seizure and attacks is more like showing the actions in his dream in reality, rather than somnambulism Do animals have a dream as well? Vet : Animals also have a dream In the case of cats, they sleep almost 16 hours per day and most of them do REM sleep. In other words, they dream As you see here, He bit her at this moment? But if we see the previous situation, He jumped up with his eyes closed, but he bit her eyes and he even lost his balance and shivered even though he went down after biting It was proved that Dongsik has dreamt so far Vet : Do you see him continuously wriggling himself here? But now he closed his eyes It means that he is putting what he's dreaming into action If we observe animals sleeping, they act as if running or wriggling The animals who talk in their sleep just look cute but what's wrong with Dongsik? and what on earth is he dreaming about? Vet : Dongsik might dream caused by the experiences he has seen and heard If he had a tough life when he was young, what he dreams would be also changed Sleep expert : Since the cat acts like attacking someone and protecting himself I can say that he's having a nightmare Dongsik has been loved a lot from his guardian but then why did he begin to suffer from nightmares? What's Dongsik's bad memories? He was about this big / About the size of my hand when I first brought him Now, he's about the head size / He was malnourished when I brought him to the hospital.. Two years ago, Dongsik was found at this place He was almost in a critical condition One who first found Dongsik : His mother cat gave birth to kittens on this recycling box PD : How many kittens did she gave birth? Four kittens. Since she didn't have a place to stay, she abandoned some of her kittens who didn't follow her while moving them to another place On the street with cold and hunger the mother cat didn't take care of all four kittens So the little Dongsik had to survive on his own Guardian : The stain on his nose is caused by a skin disease Dongsik had to fight against hunger, cold, and an endless number of threats PD : Used to be in bad condition? / He would lose his life if we didn't find him But now, that cat could meet his current guardian and has lived together for 2 years But May he still have a trauma..? Vet : I think the cat has a problem on the brain circuits which inhibit actions The more he gets stress, the more it makes the symptom severe Vet said Dongsik gets stress from daily life especially when he's alone As his guardian leaves the house Dongsik feels anxious In the daytime, whenever he's alone he would feel anxiety and terror Worrying that he can be left alone again he would have a nightmare every night How can he stop having this nightmare? Vet : In the case of Dongsik, the problem is that he acts the behaviors he dreams So we are going to let him take medication which suppresses such things Considering Dongsik's character, the effect of medication might wear off if he's treated as being separate from his guardian The aim of treatment is to have a deep sleep with his guardian First off, try to take medication which makes him feel secure and relaxed Let's eat treats~ Thankfully Dongsik doesn't refuse and eats well And another treatment is the guardian's love Having more time with his guardian, letting him know that he's not alone The busy daytime passes and the night falls again For Dongsik's deep sleep she uses aroma therapy and even turns on the music which relaxes cats Vet : This music is made for matching up with each animal's heartbeat rhythm So if it repeats the rhythm similar to his heart rate, the music naturally makes him feel comfortable and relaxed Guardian : Dongsik, please don't talk in your sleep today and just sleep well here, not biting mom Could he get rid of nightmares tonight? Good night, everyone The sisters fall into a deep sleep Dongsik also takes a spot between his guardian's legs and fell fast asleep But, after a while Dongsik woke up from sleep and sits on the space between guardians' head It's such a tense situation now.. However, Dongsik quietly falls asleep What is he dreaming about now..? Nothing happened and the morning has come Guardian : He's got better now, so I just hope we rely on each other and live happily just as it is Guardian : Good night, Dongsik. And don't talk in your sleep You sleep well and mommy sleeps well, too. Got it? Dongsik, let's have sweet dreams only from now~ 