When night falls A spooky and scary thing happens here But there's only a cat who looks gentle in this house The cat's guardian showing the proof PD : Is that..? Yeah.. He bit me yesterday What happened yesterday? He bit me here and my eyes too.. What's surprising is It happened not just for a few time, But it happened for six months so far.. And the attack is getting worse day after day... I wore a mask not to get bitten by him once before PD : Did you wear that to sleep? Guardian : Yes, but he scratched and bit me even more as he got more curious about the mask So it didn't work eventually.. He's just like any other cats during daytime But his attack begins when night falls deep.. As time passes The guardian's getting ready to sleep As she falls asleep Dongsik comes down from the desk Slowly goes next to her shoulder and sleeps together..? Peaceful sleeping time.. But suddenly, he starts biting her As if she's used to it, She changes her spot and lays herself down again But.. This time, he attacks her arm Why did he attack his guardian? If he attacked her because he felt uncomfortable, He could sleep in another place But Dongsik goes next to her again He keeps acting abnormally while his guardian is asleep Guardian : I thought he attacked me because I touched him while sleeping But after seeing this footage.. I have no clue why he was like that.. She used to sleep with Dongsik since he was a kitten Why has he changed so suddenly? Dongsik, I'm leaving, bye~ The guardian goes to school in the daytime Dongsik is usually left alone in the daytime Such routine has been repeated for 2 years already But he seems to keep looking for his guardian.. And then, as if he got exhausted, Dongsik falls asleep But.. As if he's having a seizure, he trembles He wakes up after getting startled, But falls asleep again... Seizures occur again This time, he bites off the blanket If it was his guardian, not the blanket, The worst could've happened.. As soon as he falls asleep, His attack begins Perhaps his health issue has caused him to behave abnormally during a sleep Vet : We will see if there are any problems in his health Dongsik receives examination I couldn't find any problems that would cause the symptoms he goes through according to the results from X-rays and ultrasound Fortunately, he doesn't have any health issues But how can such weird happening be explained? Dongsik~ The guardian's sister who lives far away visit him She used to raise him with her sister together PD : Is this the first time seeing her being injured? Yeah, since we live far away from each other I saw her picture but this is too horrible.. Dongsik is like their youngest brother But why has he become a horror to them.. Sister : As she gets hurt over and over Our parents are worried that they asked her if she can sleep without him Trying separate Dongsik from her, for both's sake But he fiercely refuses to go inside the cage It's difficult to separate him from her sister when sleeping.. Night comes again Good night, Dongsik~ Hope they're safe tonight.. and have a good night.. Upon the morning comes, however, the crushing news was heard from them Owner : Dongsik bit me around my eyes pretty hard I'm in the hospital right now Worried how bad she got hurt.. PD : Are you okay? Don't get up Did you get hurt badly? Guardian : He scratched my skin around my eyes pretty bad that it tore the muscles The doctor said I need to get surgery Scars everywhere on her face.. The guardian had to be stitched for 16 times on her wounds.. What happened to her last night? Just like other days, the sisters fell asleep and Dongsik went closer to the sisters Without any signs of attack, he fells asleep peacefully.. It happened so fast Dongsik bit his guardian so badly to the point where he tore muscles around her eyes What's the cause of his abnormal behavior during sleep? To be continued in part 2 