The informant says she faced the fella in a place she never imagined she would Producer: Hello, we’re from Kritter Klub Informant: Oh, yes, hi Informant: I’m a student at this school and reported because there’s a cat that’s endangered at our school Where she witnessed the cat who needs rescue is a building inside the campus Informant: Over there, in the ceiling of the outer wall… she’s where we can’t reach. So, we can’t rescue her right now Outer wall ceiling... There doesn’t seem to be a place where a cat can be… Informant: Over there, there… Producer: Where? Informant: Over there, the gap! The cat’s there… Producer: Oh, over there in that gap?
Informant: Yes Looking at it closely, the panel of the ceiling that supports the building is pulled out Informant: You can’t see her right now but in the video… that I took Producer: Oh, there she is..!! A scared cry that was heard faintly from where it shouldn’t be heard A cat looking down from the gap in the ceiling dangerously has been recorded in the video Informant: Really, though. I don’t get how she got in there… I’m so worried she’d fall Producer: How did you find her? Informant: There’s an open group chat at our school. Someone uploaded this video onto the group chat first and said it’s been a week… Producer: A week? Informant: Yes, yes. Now, it’d be a week and a half since she’s been found.. Informant: The path below it is just a walkway… Producer: Oh, it’s very deep down..?
Informant: Yes The spot she’s reportedly stayed for over a week is a cliff-like space 20M above the ground Because of that, the rescue can’t be done in a haste Informant: But, I also raise a cat. So, I couldn’t just neglect her I thought, 'Oh, then there should be a cat mom somewhere around' She requested help from the cat mom active in the area Cat mom: Hello~ Cat mom: Actually, we’ve done rescues on the ground, but she’s in the air, I mean what can we do… ugh Informant: Yeah Cat mom: So… it’s just so frustrating Producer: Did you try contacting other rescue organizations? Cat mom: Yes, we tried and send them pictures, but they said there’s not much they could do even when they get here They said it’ll be the same with other organizations, so we’re just trying everything we could do Eventually, the cat moms rented a ladder truck and attempted the rescue but, they couldn’t even see any signs of her presence for over 4 days Cat mom: We couldn’t rescue her so we placed food on the ladder late at night As the cat’s where they can’t reach, feeding her isn’t easy either. Moreover, Cat mom: We can’t check if she ate the food or not. We’re above her in the building... We’re just frustrated Man: I mean she cried late at night up until 3 days ago, with her eyes sparkling. About 10 days… but there’s nothing we can do… But, at that moment! Producer: Oh, she peeked out! Cat mom: She’s out?
Producer: Yes, she’s out In between the gap in between the panels of the ceiling, she peeks out and looks around If she missteps due to people’s reactions, then… Producer: Oh my, that’s dangerous, really… Cat mom: Those keep coming down due to her weight Producer: Oh, oh, hey, you shouldn’t come out too much It looks dangerous enough looking at it, but she peeks out and looks around After sending a desperate SOS, she goes inside and hides Cat mom: My goodness… why’s she there now… sigh, really… Cat mom: From here to there, when we came on Friday night she ran across actively!!!! Cat mom: Da da da da da, she ran around like that The cat’s been trying to escape, running around the ceiling desperately countless times a day as if she’s looking for an exit Maybe we can find a pathway where we can rescue her if we look at the blueprint of the building? School official: You have to look at it this way. Here, the ceiling…this is the damaged area and this is where the cat is. This section. So that’s why people can see her here Looking into the blueprint, where the cat is, is a box-like space that’s the floor to the 3rd floor of the building It’s an empty space without even a plumbing pipe Producer: It’s empty inside? Man: Yes, it’s an empty space. We made several conjectures, but we don’t know how she got in Even school officials don’t understand how the cat got in there But, there must be a path that connects to it And since cats are flexible, maybe there’s a secret path that’s not on the blueprint? Producer: Can we see over there? Decided to look at the interior of the panel of the ceiling in the hall that seems to be close to where the cat is Producer: Is this thing connected to the area outside? School official: No, it’s just as you have seen it Producer: The part that’s blocked, there’s a panel...
School official: Yes, that’s right As checked from the blueprint where the cat is, it was like an independent, secret compartment that was not connected to any other place If there’s no space that connects to that space… how did she get in there..? But, the problem is..! Cat mom: If you look, it keeps getting wider as she runs around… Producer: Oh.. Cat mom: So then if those fall, it’s also dangerous for people She must’ve been trying many times for the panels to have been parted here and there This means the danger of the cat’s fall is increasing School official: Initially, we were going to call a person for repairment, but we delayed it for her rescue… There’s no time to waste as she needs to be rescued for the panels to be repaired First, we need to use a ladder truck to get a sense of the interior of the ceiling As it’s a place that we can’t reach without a ladder truck, the rescue is expected to be a difficult one… But, looking at it up close, the gap is a bit too big..? Producer: The corner is slightly hanging What’s fortunate is that she emptied the bowl the cat mom has offered her We just need to confirm where she is now… Producer: Oh, this is how it’s like on the inside? Producer: I can’t see the cat… As it’s pretty spacious and due to many spaces apt for hiding, it may be challenging to find her with bare eyes Cat mom: Can you put this up? For a slight possibility, we decided to wait, setting up a capture frame that she can go in herself with the ladder truck But, it doesn’t seem like she’s willing to come out This time, we decided to observe her movements by placing food After some time Producer: She out?
Producer 2: Yes, she came out She starts to eat the food cautiously, crouching Maybe the cat mom might know where this cat came from… Cat mom: She’s a cat that one of the students, who used to attend this school, took care of starting 3 years ago But, after that student graduated and started working, the student couldn’t come on the weekdays So, since I live around here I began to feed her Producer: She has a name? Cat mom: Her name’s Banban
Producer: Banban? Cat mom: Yes, Banban… the patter on her face… it’s half white and half black, so Banban (half n half in Korean) As expected, she’s a cat that’s been taken care of since long ago Producer: Oh, this is where you fed her? Cat mom: Yes, yes. This is where the student placed the food bowl initially Even a year ago, Banban was taken care of by the students and the cat mom near campus Though she hid from time to time, shy, they never thought they’d encounter her from such a place… But, since she’s a campus catto, maybe there might be someone who witnessed her or know about her on campus Producer: I heard there’s a cat, have you seen her? School official: Yes, I have. I saw her inside the building Producer: You saw her inside the building? School official: I saw her on both the 1st and the 2nd floor. I saw her when I came downstairs from the 2nd floor Producer: Since when did you see her in the building? School official 2: In winter
Producer: Winter? School official 2: Last month I think? School official 3: She ran away when I came this way. I saw her over there Producer: There’s a CCTV there… Then, wouldn’t she have been caught in the camera? We decided to check the footage of the day she was reportedly spotted Producer: Oh, she’s there, she’s there!! Will Banban be able to be rescued safely..?! 