A loud noise from the ceiling Informant : Fell from the light over there
PD : From the light? / Yes The light fell off from the ceiling and a wall paper is ripped off by a shock Informant : It's been two months already It's unpredictable. It starts from 5 am and sometimes from 10 am A loud noise is heard again Who on earth is living in the ceiling? It's a three-story building, a rooftop is right above here No one lives on the rooftop! Empty rooftop Is there any illegal resident here? I heard the noise from here It used to be a attic As the ceiling was built higher, we blocked the bottom of it So that's why it remained as a seperate space The loft blocked everywhere Who's making so much fuss here? Install a camera to observe Uh, someone's coming out A cat appears Approaches to the attic and disappears PD : Is it impossible for a man to get in there? There's no door, you can see through the window over there The window on the wall Never imagined they would get inside Oh, I see them Watching from next door Found a large space through the window The cat was hiding here The cat stays alert for a while Perhaps the cat is the one who's been making a fuss so far? Meow~ Meowing, A kitten appears! There are several kittens actually These cats were the culprits who's made a mess all the time in the ceiling.. In here where no one visits, the mother cat has bee nursing her kittens secretly Now the kittens follow their mom's path But it's still too dangerous for them As they've been stuck in a narrow loft, such energetic kittens have no choice but to romp around, making noises which are heard in the house below As the kittens grow, the grandmother's getting more stressed Grandmoter : I can't stand this anymore.. It's too much Can't leave it like this, it's too dangerous What if the light falls off on me Once I hear the noise, I look at the light first I will leave my room Those kittens are killing me! Not only it causes inconvenience to people, but the attic is dangerous for the cats They can fall right away if they slip for a bit The loft is not safe even for the mother cat A vet arrives in the site Vet : She must have thought that it's safe to nurse kittens here because it protects them from rain, wind and people With its limited access, she thought it was the safest place to live They're assumed to be three months old based on their size They are supposed to find their food by themselves and play a lot This place might be dangerous for their increased activity They could fall 6 meters down outside the window It's not safe for them anymore But it's not even easy for humans to access the attic Difficult rescue situation is expected So we brought an expert Sangwon Son the champion of the Climbing Asian Championship Checking on safety types equipment first and goes into the loft The floor of the attic seems to harm the kittens and the kittens running away so fast Expert : It's too narrow inside and the floor isn't sturdy If the floor was okay, I could've rescued them all but the floor is too weak that it sank down a little It's hard to take the cats out by going into the attic directly Instead, place a capture cage to rescue The kitten takes interest in food inside the cage The cage is shut But then, the kittens approach closer to the cage The rescuer picks the kitten up by hands For the next one.. He missed the kitten by a hair Soon after, the kitten approaches Shouldn't fail this time! Rescued one more kitten 3 in total including the one in the cage are all rescued and there's only one left! Place the cage again the last mission to rescue has begun.. Perhaps the last kitten got anxious about being left alone Goes into the cage on his own Got him finally We thought they would be embarrassed as their mom's absent, but the kittens stay calm as they have their siblings together The mother cat is left! After waiting, The mother cat came back to the attic Maybe because she starved after roaming around all day, She takes interest in food As soon as she goes in, The mother cat is rescued! Only rosy future awaits this cat family The cat family has lived in such dirty and poor condition for three months How's their health? According to the result of ther examination, they're all in good health Their weight is in a normal range and they have good nutrition In such poor condition of the attic the mother cat has fatten up and nursed the four siblings well While the cat family is in a veterinary center, Complete repairing the attic for the human family Informat : Now they're all rescued, Hope they're sent to a good family and live well A noise issue has come to the end Hope you guys live well in a warm and safe place 