The reason that the dog should do this painful rehabilitation every day is because the dog's body becomes stiff if he stops treating like this.. Gijeok(=Miracle) with general paralysis was found on the highway Gijeok's dad : He was covered in blood The dog was hit by running cars.. Gijeok's dad : He was blinking his eyes Not just wide, but very slightly blinking He showed his will to live with eyes Gijeok's dad : Of course, I could ignore him but I just thought that he would survive Gijeok(=miracle) Got surgery on his broken spine so he could get a new life However His body is getting stiff more and more In hopeless reality The only man who never loses hope, Gijeok's dad and Gijeok's miraculous meeting, Witness a Miracle Since the first story of Gijeok How has Gijeok been so far? Gijeok is being hung on something(?) It's a dad-made wheelchair only for Gijeok Gijeok’s dad : It’s a device to practice Stretching (the hardened paws) and walking He looks uncomfortable But his paws that enable him to stand are being stretched just like normal dogs His condition is much better than before! Wife : It’s hard standing on your own four feet, right? Gijeok has been enduring hard rehabilitation well Meanwhile, Gijeok has experienced many changes In the beginning, he was completely paralyzed but Now he can bend his front legs by himself Gijeok’s dad : He's changing little by little Show them your moves~ Gijeok who was always lying down began to wriggle! Gijeok’s dad : Aww good job Righty, aww well done (applause) Even he can stretch out himself his hind legs which were too weak before It's unbelievable to see such a miraculous change of Gijeok Gijeok’s dad : Good boy~ PD : You look so happy Are you happy that much? Gijeok’s dad : Fun and joyful. I feel good He was just glad that Gijeok survived now he sees hope from Gijeok A hospital..? PD : You came here for his medical check-up. How do you feel? Gijeok's dad : I'm a bit nervous because I don't know what the vet will say about him Wish I can hear good news though Progressing a medical check-up and How about Gijeok's condition? Vet : At the very first, when seeing the X-ray I thought he'd have a fracture because he had a car accident. But fortunately, he doesn't have any compression fractures. If it had gone as suspected, you’d have to give up on rehabilitation. But seeing the results now, there’s hope for his front legs Upon hearing the positive results, We also visited an oriental medicine hospital that will help Gijeok's rehabilitation Gijeok got acupuncture and physical therapy that stimulate the nerves and muscles Even learned about more comfortable way of giving massage that distressed Gijeok Expert : Pull a little bit forward and stop for a while As the massage intensity is adjusted properly, Gijeok also looks comfortable After a long time of going out Gijeok and dad came back home What's this? Gijeok's dad : He didn't eat any food while visiting hospitals and getting medical tests So today I'm gonna give him meat instead of dog food The dad prepares a delicious meat Gijeok's dad : Why do you eat only when I chop meat into small pieces just like a baby Gijeok just becomes a baby before daddy One by one Feeding, washing, and caring for him could be exhausted sometimes but Just as he has always done Dad takes care of Gijeok without any complaints Gijeok doesn't say anything but feeling dad's tremendous love Today, Gijeok is also having a sweet dream That afternoon Dad is making something "Daddy, what are you making now?" That was Gijeok's stroller! The dad-made stroller is perfectly suitable to Gijeok's body He made this stroller so that he lets Gijeok show the wide world again It's the first going out in 4 months Gijeok's dad : Rather than being forced to do something, If letting him move himself, he feels comfortable, becomes curious, and looks around I should've done this early Gijeok may be so glad to see the outside world in a long time Gijeok's dad : Gijeok is now standing, using an assistance device. But, without assistance devices I hope he can just stand with me from now on 8 years later, now Gijeok began to walk on his own He was first diagnosed that he can't live over a 5-year-old.. But he bravely became a 9-year-old doggo and Once again, Gijeok has showed miracle to the world 