Looks like she has a stroke.. One day, a white dog showed up in the village Even from afar Severely convulses Can't even get out from such a small pit at once The dog seems to be in a bad condition as he even struggles to go a few steps further I called 911 and they came to the site and saw him but couldn't solve anything Due to a severe wariness towards humans Running over there! The dog runs away every time Perhaps she's abandoned.. Anyway, the dog isn't from this village The dog wasn't here even a month ago It's difficult for a dog to find this region alone No one knows where she came from Showed up one month ago The dog particularly walks around this construction site The dog comes back here always after roaming around somewhere else Comes back here again even after she's thought to be disappeared.. As if she's been waiting for someone She doesn't leave the construction site. Out of pity, the locals have been feeding her whenever they can She smelled But watches out the people from a far distance Then she turns back and hides.. At a dark night The dog seems to be in a severe condition Here! Here she is! Unusually.. Doesn't move at all even when people are approaching her She's totally dehydrated First off, move her to the other place so she can lie down and relax The vet's urgently arrived to check her condition.. Vet : It's typical symptoms of neurological disorders The symptoms must be caused by measles More than 50% of the dogs who are infected with measles die in 3 weeks But she's survived so far with her strong willpower even without getting any treatments The dog has stayed strong to survive.. After giving first aid, Feed her for nourishment.. Vet : I think she used to be fed with a pet food It's not easy to eat with her condition.. She must be a dog who has been fed by someone Transferred to the hospital Start off with a diagnostic test for measles Wait for the result 3 days later, visited the hospital again Will her result be okay..? Vet : We got the results, and fortunately, she doesn't have measles The dog left alone in a strange village had recovered from measles on her own.. Vet : Unfortunately, the symptoms of neurological issues won't go away But once she receives the drug treatment, which helps alleviate symptoms, she'll improve Moreover, the good news is! She has a new name Mindeulle
(which means dandelion in Korean) and a new, warm home Come over here! It's your home from now! At a glance, I knew it's my house Her wagging tail tells us that she likes her new house so much Awww! So pretty! She's now our family of this village. As fate has brought her here! We, all villagers, will do our best to take care of her! Mindeulle, who came to us like dandelion puffs, you'll bloom from now on :) 