A nail shop for birds of prey is open After wiping the feet first Gotta remove the dead skin brushing talons Expert for birds of prey : because Maru uses strong power with his feet the feet are often scarred This guy getting treated as an honored guest used to be.. deprived of his prey kicked by others But never even once resisted and only his claws wept out However, now Maru, He became a trendy hipster who plays outside until daddy calls him Isn't he cool? Expert/Maru's dad : He is the *original* golden eagle which used to be a resident bird in Korea Wanna hang out! Maru's dad : Now he rushes me to go for flying again PD : Oh, he wanna fly? / Yep Is this guy flying briskly in the sky my baby fosho? Only a few months ago the flight ability was about falling But now I'll show what the real flight is Maru overtakes the driving car real quick! The prey hung on the back of a car Nicely snatching it Training is done I won't miss till you give me tasty things yum yum Expert : As if hunting an actual prey like doing exercise we've trained quickness Maru has currently caught up the training well and his strength also become better The next place for exercise The mountaintop which reaches the sky Expert : To let him know how to use an updraft or wind We've been doing this exercise But Huh? Maru flying to somewhere This rascal.. Maru, wryd? Maru caught a snake / A snake? Maru now caught the snake hehehe Oh My Snake~~~ Even with a hunting skill Maru has perfectly recovered PD : While flying, he just flew down because of it? Yeah LOL He has to fly now but caught the snake after seeing it I'm not the same guy that I used to be 710m above sea level Maru's first exercise for high-altitude flight Until reaching to the high sky Daddy will be with him Maru and his daddy flew up together! The dreaming high sky After adjusting the strong wind Maru, it's time to fly yourself When was the last time to divide wind in this high-level sky The bullet embedded in his body The moment that even flying was too much for him What does Maru think about now? With the coolest look Maru coming back into his dad's arms Expert : During training, I've never seen such a happy Maru before (Honey-dropping eyes) improved a lot, much better now In fact, having several exercises in such a short time itself is already remarkable Someday hope we let you fly high in the sky back again 