A dog lies down on the street like a statue Continuously Constantly She just waits for something at the same spot.. She comes in the early morning, lunch time, and dinner Residents who often pass by here know that she's a stary dog.. We observed her for a long time The passers-by just look at the dog and that's it What's the reason that this dog comes before someone else's store every day and stays still..? But then. Local : There were two dogs though.. PD : Two dogs?? Local : Yes, one dog disappeared Local : If you wait for a while, another dog will appear. There were two dogs here Local : The dog was always going around with another white dog who just looks like her.. The two walk and lie down together all the time The dog seems to wait for her friend though.. However, no one showed up and the dog suddenly barks [Dog barking as if calling someone..] Mongsoon~~ Mongsoon~~ Seems she gets so close to a pharmacist.. 6 months ago, I've called them as Mongsoon and Mongdol They first met Mongsoon and Mongdol 6 month ago If one dog goes out, another dog looks for They had always moved together, slept together, and even ate and played together Pharmacist : Two dogs were very close.. As we saw them, they just looked like lovers Mongsoon and Mongdol were always together just like a needle and thread On the harsh street where there's no one to rely on they were the only family to protect and to be protected.. and were lovely lovers who cared for and loved each other.. But then, what happened to Mongsoon left alone on the street..? A bank staff said the male dog disappeared in a sudden.. Since Mongdool went missing, she feels extremely nervous, anxious, and depressed It's been 15 days since Mongdol disappeared Since that day.. As the dog hovers around the places she used to walk with Mongdol, she has been anxiously searching for Mongdol.. The dog hurried on her way without rest To make matters worse, it's snowing.. At the moment we were searching thoroughly all over the town..! Mongsoon is sitting down before the wall of a house
PD : Mongsoon, are you alright? But, once again, she avoids the crew and hurriedly leaves (The house owner) Since young, they've entered our house and slept. I also put some water and food here
PD : Oh, really? She said she has offered food and a place to sleep for a half year already as watching the two dogs Other dogs near this town followed and bothered Mongsoon(white dog) a lot because she was a female.. Whenever she was bothered, Mongdol(yellow dog) always protected her like a troubleshooter Mongdol always stood by weak and timid Mongsoon's side and protected her like a superman If he gets yummy food, he always fed Mongsoon first He was a reliable friend and a husband who stood by her side until Mongsoon fell asleep They were just like such doggos but How on earth did she part with Mongdol and become alone.. That night As if she calls Mongdol, saying like 'I'm here..' she cries loudly.. So again, Mongsoon stays still on the same spot where she used to be with Mongdol It's already been 20 days since she parted with Mongdol.. Vet : The dog looks so nervous and when it comes to the belly shape, she would be almost due to give birth. I should check an ultrasound later Vet said that Mongsoon would be almost due to give birth. I assume she's looking for a safe place where she'd give birth. She's even digging in the ground.. We feel sad and sorry for that the dog waiting endlessly with the body which becomes bigger and bigger.. To make matters worse, a snowstorm starts to get stronger and stronger.. It's even hard to open her eyes but she keeps looking back to check whether Mongdol appears or not.. Footprints..? PD : Found her? PD2 : Nope. all of her footprints disappeared because of the heavy snow Due to the heaviest snow and cold wave in 32 years, We continued to trace her deep into the night But couldn't find Mongsoon.. Next morning!! We got an urgent call that they found Mongsoon! PD : Where is she!!? Informant : She's sitting down under there.. Now I saw the one like a puppy coming out this much from her buttocks They said she seems to begin to give birth at the corner of the construction site..! PD : Mongsoon~ Mongsoon~ It's alright~ The crew's approaching Mongsoon, but she's just sitting down without moving She's exhausted now as she tried to give birth.. PD : She shouldn't go out. Don't let her go out PD : Mongsoon, it's alright~ The dog moves with all her might.. And what's seen behind her is.. a puppy still covered by the fetal membrane We can't guarantee anything including Mongsoon's safety and the puppy's life PD : Righty, there you go We carefully rescued Mongsoon and her baby.. and directly transferred to the hospital Vet : Here it is.. PD : Oh.. Here's a puppy! Vet : The puppy's face got stuck now Mongsoon's groaning.. The puppy narrowly came out to the world.. But the puppy doesn't cry yet.. and Mongsoon just looks at such puppy.. She gets closer but the puppy doesn't move at all.. Vet : Please be alive.. Be alive..! Please... Mongsoon never gives up her puppy and keeps carefully licking the puppy to save the life.. Vet : It's not a good situation.. because the puppy already had a cardiac arrest now.. Even though the vet expects a bad situation, Mongsoon never gives up her puppy There're still three more puppies left in Mongsoon's belly but.. Vet : Unborn puppies in her belly have no heartbeat.. Mongsoon can't believe such a situation she has to face The puppies who were stillborn even have to be pulled out through a Caesarean section Vet : Thanks for hanging in there with the anesthesia PD : I think so.. Vet : As you see, her pelvis has fractures. I suspect that she got a traffic accident and recovered when she was young. The puppy has to come out through this pelvic cavity, but the traffic accident made this narrow Therefore, the puppy can't come out because it's stuck Despite Mongsoon endured such severe pain, she left alone once again.. Vet : Since her boyfriend went missing and lost her puppies.. it must be very painful because she experienced the sense of loss all at once Then where is Mongdol who used to stand by her side all the time..? We contined to trace to find Mongdol What, Noorung(yellow dog)? I guess the shelter for abandoned dogs brought the dog. Shelter for abandoned dogs In the shelter, we could finally find a male dog assumed as Mongdol When he first came here, he turned around and around as if looking for something. And now, he just crouches down at the corner and feels intimidated Unlike other dogs who usually adapted to the new place within a few days It's been more than 15 days already, but this dog seems like being stuck in his own island until now.. The shelter helped so that Mongsoon could meet the dog assumed as Mongdol The dog slowly approaches Mongsoon.. As if he's Mongdol, the dog pats and comfort Mongsoon!! Aww.. So glad that they met again.. As if Mongsoon recognizes Mongdol.. She looks comfortable Hope their wounded heart is cured as soon as possible.. Since they're together now, they will rely on each other a lot. Since they met again now, I feel like all of my wishes come true.. They should be adopted by a good owner soon because it's cold now.. Finally, now Mongdol stands by.. wounded Mongsoon's side again just as he used to protect Mongsoon next to her like superman back in days.. ;) 