Struggle Struggle Bbaekkom is unable to walk Guardian : I expected that he'd start walking by about 2~3 months old b he's 4 months old and he still can't walk.. Bbaekkom isn't able to stand on his own Even drinking by himself isn't easy and Let's eat gum~ Even the snack that he got for the first time in a while gets taken away habitually by a friend who approaches him.. Guardian : Maybe he looks easy to Jjikong Whenever he eats Jjikong goes and tries to steal his food... Even though it's always stolen right in front of him all that Bbaekkom can do is yell out The doggo who protects and looks out for Bbaekkom... is older sis, Gomtoong, who looks just like Bbaekkom Guardian  : I'm not sure if she knows that he's her bro... But Gomtoong is the one who plays the most with him. But unlike Bbaekkom who can't walk Gomtoong doesn't appear to have any difficulties Guardian : She(Gomtoong) also walked in two months. She walks around so well but... Our Bbaekkom can't walk and lives in that condition right now. The siblings had weak legs since they were born But only Bbaekkom is still unable to walk... If you come I'll give you a gum! Come here! Bbaekkom! Come here! Mom who can't give up on Bbaekkom As if Bbaekkom can understand her mind, he tries quite hard.. Guardian : At first, it took him more than an hour but... Now the time has gotten a lot shorter. I can't give up...since Gomtoong walked. When I see Gomtoong I think that there's hope for Bbaekkom too. On the body of Bbaekkom who tries so hard.. Guardian : Because he crawls around so much he has a lot of wounds. Areas like his toe joint area... Red wounds that have emerged all over the body... To find out if there's any way for him to walk Bbaekkom gets examined at the hospital x-ray is also taken. Vet : His bones and bone structures are normal but the bones need to be joined to each other. The ligaments that connect them are in bad shape so... When the arm is like this, the arm can go like this but doesn't go down (Bbaekkom's arm) can even go down. His ligament structures are congenitally malformed.. Vet : Gomtoong's ligaments are normal so she walked, albeit late, but... in the case of Bbaekkom, problems have occurred to his ligaments and so his structures don't allow him to walk at all... Because this is a congenital abnormality I think it'd be impossible for us to correct him or do something similar Could there be perhaps another way for him to walk..? Vet : Fortunately, even despite his very poor condition, Bbaekkom has an iron will to keep moving. I think we need to lift his body up from the ground. Like~this Only after falling on the ground you'll get hurt less! Along with the creation of a wheelchair
Bbaekkom has started rehabilitation treatment And finally..! The day of riding a wheelchair for the first time! Bbaekkom! Come to Mom! On top of the wheelchair he moves... bit by bit... but it doesn't seem to be easy yet for him to move.. It's okay! Bbaekkom! Great job! We just have to do it together bit by bit Guardian : I'm so happy that he tries hard on his own Bbaekkom and I will make effort and "It'd be great if we can go out now and have a walk too!" 