In here, there are two lovely friends who will make you miss your childhood friend Hello! I'm Deoksun. Hello,  I'm Taek Henlo How could you bring them! These two! Aren't they so pretty? You're the one who's pretty! Daughter! They're a class that's difficult for me to handle Pooing as soon as she comes... You guys make me sick.... *Cursing with his eyes* Come here! Do I have to go around only looking at your x-hole! Hey! You! PD : Do you have to clean this all up..? Father : I have no choice but to do so Peace of mind.. Stability of mind and body With restraint comes good fortune... Deoksun... Taek.... There's some smell coming from somewhere A smell of wanting to cause an accident This is here to break This is how we roll bruh What the.. (Trying to understand the situation) You! Hey! What should I do with you guys.. Cheeky daughter : It's fine~ Duk-seon did wrong. Won't do it again~ I did it cause I am still a baby. Hold on... Feel angry the more I think about it 
*The type who gets angry afterwards* I'm gonna kick you out If you keep doing this Sit! They like things like peach and rose moss so when I plant them in the front they dig them all. Even bit the car key once and misplaced it somewhere that I couldn't ride the car for a few days. When it's quiet.... They're making an accident^^ What are you eating! They ploughed through all the grass! When you can't see them.... Also means they're making an accident..^^ The house just can't be spared. Not just regular troublemakers, but the worst troublemakers PD : Wasn't there such kind of occurrence before? Daughter : Nope. When we had just Mango and Taeyang... They didn't cause such kind of accident... When you say Mango... A long-staying mild tenant #1 They keep making the good doggo I'm... Into a bad one.... Daughter : She's worried it'll get taken away be 'em I'm gonna be really bad and hide it Then I'm gonna find it haha You guys keep making me.. really bad!!Why!!! Mom : (Mango)is so stressed... Father : Because of them he's being tied up. PD : Oh..did you used to have him unleashed? / Yes~ And thanks to them tied up is... A long-staying tenant #2, Taeyang Our Taeyang... Sit! He's such an obedient...doggo. Sit! Dogs should listen well like this! Only if they listen well... 
(I would adore them or something...) To such an older bro... One doggo instigates him... and one steals his food lol Daughter : When (one doggo) makes a disturbance (the other one) goes to eat quietly Those rascals.. I can't live because I feel too sad!!! Dad will scold 'em for you! Do you wanna get smacked like the 1988-style? If you're gonna behave this way just! Dad : Bring them to Seo-dong! PD : Where are you taking them to? / Seo-dong~ Daughter : Are you saying to send them..where they were found? Dad : The owner might appear again No~ Dad... Thank you for all the times... Uh...Where did they go? Doggo~ PD : The dogs disappeared? / Yes.... Daughter : Uh..when they hear my voice they come... This is the first time this has happened so I feel bewildered... With a worried mind check with the camera Oh! Here! Through the door that was open momentarily The doggos went out...! Ran away from home in shock?! Stay tuned for part 2 