A mysterious sound resonating in the hood full of villas I don't know where the sound comes from I looked around, but couldn't figure out where the sound comes from Definitely heard the sound from around this spot... But couldn't figure out at all.. Resident : The sound has a regular pattern It goes like 'tak tak tak' and stops, and then it goes again At that moment! Resident : This sound!
PD : Is this what you're talking about?
Resident : Yes PD : From which side though?
Resident : From here I thought a person was groaning at first As hearing it closely, the one who makes sound should be near.. But the one never appears, just its sound remains A hide and seek with a cat has continued over a week You can hear it now At first, I thought it was just a cat crying as usual but as it continues, I felt like the cat desperately asked for rescue Huh?! A cat!! It doesn't seem like it's the one who cried Being anxious, walks around the villas Check the place where the cat was But nothing was there and the crying sound also stopped Install a camera to observe the situation from a distance The cat cries again.. and the other cat who was spotted before appears again The cat tries so hard to look inside of the pipe Then a desperate, crying is heard from the inside of the pipe.. As if she's worried about the one stuck inside the pipe, The cat can't leave.. The cat stayed for a while and then left.. Is there a cat inside the pipe? Decide to use the endoscope camera Difficult access to the inside since it's curved and narrow The camera can't go further anymore The camera curved in U-shape went inside the pipe horizontally But there was another curve in the middle of the pipe The cat's crying is not heard anymore Next day, visit the spot of the yesterday again with concern The cat is alive still Building owner : The pipe links to a drainage pipe on the opposite side of the basement room It's the basement Not far from the entrance of the pipe Building owner : This hole is connected to the pipe above At that moment.. Huh? I think I heard the cat crying Wasn't that the cat crying? His wife : I heard it too The cat's crying from the hole As the camera goes in.. Found the cat! But the cat's trying so hard to climb up If the cat looks back, he can come out on his own but he only looks front and tries to go up.. First off, need to spot the cat's location The cat is seen from a distance.. It was a little kitten As the light comes in, the kitten tries hard to climb the slippery pipe The kitten's right under here The pipe goes down vertically toward the basement and it's curved to the side and goes into the building The kitten is at the touchpoint of the pipeline that links to the horizontal part Rescue the kitten from above Rescuer : I can see the kitten in the bottom PD : Uh, there's the kitten Looks more comfortable than before Resident : Aww, look at him He's been stuck in there for days.. Resident 2 : I'm glad that he's alive Thought the kitten was at a reachable spot but the hole is deeper than expected Rescuer : it's deeper than expected It's not even possible to reach the kitten even when the whole pipe is removed It might be possible if we use a tool? Put a net down to the hole so that the kitten can use his claws to climb it up As if it looks strange to him, the kitten hesitates Grab it You have to grab it and climb it up The kitten plucks up his courage and grabs the net Carefully pull the net up The moment when the kitten finally comes out to the world! Resident 2 : Ah, that was close Oh no... That was really close Hang in there.. Guess he's lack of strength But suddenly.. The kitten turns back and walks on the other way Rescuer : The kitten's coming here
Cameraman : Is he coming? / Yes The kitten walks to the outlet in the basement and then, the kitten sits Reach their hand to him, but.. Rescuer : The kitten went back, right
Cameraman : Yes, he stepped backwards.. Then let's push him from behind with the camera Touching his butt The startled cat comes out We got him! Resident : is the kitten out? Finally, out to the bright world Resident : Let me see your face, oh my~ So proud and grateful that he had endured so well with such small body Vet : Very skinny Hasn't eaten properly or drunk Building owner : It's fortunate that he's rescued. I'm very happy Resident : Such a little one cried over a week to save him.. Almost every night.. I'm glad he's rescued Thank you According to a variety of test, his health is fine He'll recover strength and health once he's hospitalized for 2-3 days He must have been starved to the point where he cleans up a whole bowl That evening, where the kitten left Building owner : I'm worried that a cat might go into the pipe again So I installed a taller ventilator to prevent further incidents One more concern is.. The mother cat who wandered around the pipe Decide to proceed with the rescue mission The mother cat had been often visiting this spot Even when the night falls the mother cat doesnt appear Vet : The kitten must be around 3 months old.. In that period, the kitten should slowly become independent It might have affected the mother.. The mother cat never left the kitten who struggled alone in the dark.. That heartwarming memory will be a great support to the kitten's life 