The cat's in devastating condition Resident : It's just really bad. The cat's belly this small Resident : Seems like half of its belly is cut off Informant : I saw it, thinking how could it be possible Informant : I saw the cat passing by here The cat she accidentally saw on the street has its waist being tied up tightly Informant : Her belly's stuck to her bones... Looks like the cat's belly is gone Local : Oh my god.. Come here Even though I kept calling her, she ran away that I couldn't chase after her Local : Though I want to remove the thing on her waist I couldn't since she runs away too fast PD : Is she very wary? / Yes, it's serious Despite several attempts for a rescue, It's been failed due to her serious wariness It's urgent to check her condition But she's not seen  at all PD : Is that her? The black cat barely walks up the stairs in a narrow alley Without giving us a time to check her condition, the cat moves fast in between the houses and the wall Upon a closer look, how the cat looks is more shocking than expected What has happened to this cat? It's been long.. About 2 months? PD : What? / It's been 2 months.. I tried to catch her and remove it, but she always runs away The cat has been in such condition already for two months.. It's been gotten worse through the whole time she's ignored the help Not she's ended in a serious condition.. Informant : Her waist was just tightened at first But from last week, the flesh has revealed as something's shoved into it.. I'm afraid she's going to die soon.. As the wound getting worse, the infected area has gotten bigger.. What's tightening her waist? It's a sort of a steel wire / A steel wire? Yes, it must be a sort of steel wire It's a rubber band It's a rubber band for sure. It can't be a steel wire.. It was this long.. Something tied with a rope Someone carried it around I guess that person tied her up Because he or she dragged the cat on a leash like this Like a dog leash? / Yes I think that person tried to catch her But the thing on her waist slipped off of her body because of the soft fur That's how she could escape and the person failed to catch her Among mixed thoughts about her What's certain for now is someone attempted to tie her on purpose with a rope Chase after her and find her feeding herself But then, another cat appears Unlike the sick one, the cat keeps his eye on the production crew, being wary of them The other one's protecting her To put it simply, he's her family The cat who's thought to her family hovers around the sick one, staying by her side Then suddenly, the cat heads to somewhere Where the cat goes is.. an empty space across the street Seems like the cat's trying to release herself Just wriggling in the same spot, the cat can't release herself She tries to find the right spot again and tries her best, but.. She can't release herself.. She's suffering so much What should we do with her.. So heartbreaking.. I mean.. She might die soon.. So bad The cat has endured such pain every day so well But no one knows until when she'll be able to survive in such condition The rescue plan has been decided As the one leaves, the sick one follows Right at this moment, install a trap cage in the corner of the alley and wait for the cat to return.. The cat's here! The sick cat starts to take an interest in the food inside She's going in She's inside! Catch her! Without huge difficulty, Successfully rescued the cat The vet carefully checks her waist area.. Vet : Her waist is tied with a wire The thing around her waist was a wire..! Vet : This little.. The circle is this small and it has been tightening her waist so far.. The diameter of the circle is only 1.2 inches Being stuck in such a small circle, the cat has been suffered from the pain of wound getting deeper and worse.. Vet : It's surprising that she's survived until now with such condition Small intestines are supposed to be located the whole part of the abdominal cavity But in her case, all are located in the front part Fortunately though, the bladder is hidden in the back That's why the bowel movement was possible and enabled her to survive.. It's a miracle that she's alive.. As the organs including her bladder are located in the back She could have survived until now though she has struggled a lot Then what is this wire? Rescue expert : It's a type of a snare trap A wire snare trap Someone used a wire to make a snare trap Snares often found in the mountain are made of steel But it's housing complex.. Resident : Who would set a snare trap in the middle of the city? It's only possible in the mountain.. Someone set this one on purpose.. A person must have done it Just like the other abused cats who had suffered in terrible ways by cat haters the cat might have been abused by the same reason We could find obstacles that might harm stray cats in the alley where the cats actually live Don't feed feral cats
They stink
If you are spotted feeding them, your life will in danger Vet : As I removed the wire tightening her waist The organs will slowly be located in their original place and her waist will also get back to its size once the infection is treated and the wound is sealed But we'll see how it goes Hard to know how much it will take for the wound to be healed But we sincerely do wish the cat never gives up her life as she's sustained so far like a miracle 