A quiet village in the outskirt of the city Informant : There's no one who doesn't know that dog. If you think he's dead, he appears and it repeats. So the dog has been living in there for 3 years The dog who's been wandering around this village is.. this little one Seeing her running away uncomfortably, she seems to be very wary of people Can't approach her closely.. No one has ever touched her Once she's caught, there something we could do, but she doesn't get caught.. What's fortunate is that she never gets away from the empty space She usually goes up there So I fill these bowls with food and water and check if she ate it or not Install the camera around the empty spot And decided to wait for the dog to show up Been waiting for four hours already.. She's over there! AD : Over there!
PD : Where?
AD : Up there! Where is she going, leaving food behind? The dog busily goes down to the road Upon a closer look, she has a full stomach She's pregnant now. I'm worried she might die in such cold weather, and the unborn babies might be in danger.. She's heavily pregnant whose due date is coming up What is she doing in the middle of the road? The dog takes a seat in the road staring at somewhere as if waiting for someone to come The dog doesn't move at all even when the day goes by.. As the madam moves, The dog runs away again.. She's sitting over there The dog's sitting in her hideout in the empty space As people approach her again, Hurriedly dashes away to the empty space where it's limited to people Up on the high hill where the whole city view can be seen This house In this deserted house, The dog had been living with her mom Her mom died here That's the last place where her mom stayed The dog and her mom were abandoned on an empty house where their guardian left The locals called animal control to rescue stray dogs But unfortunately, during the rescue, her mom passed away She couldn't leave this place where she saw her mom for the last time and still wanders around here. Informant : So the reason why she always looks down from the hill is because she's too afraid to go down and she knows that this village is dangerous for her as she's seen other dogs die.. But still, she sits in the middle of the road, waiting for someone endlessly The dog who's left alone with a broken heart Carrying precious lives with her Still wanders around this place where she had to send her loving family away.. The locals who are already aware of her story wish her and her unborn puppies to stay safely before she's rescued.. But..! PD : She's not here?
AD : Can't find her.. The dog who barely leaves the empty spot is not seen Informant : She hasn't come down for days Hasn't come down for food evene She used to eat in front of our house when I place the food for her every day But she doesn't come here at all I think she already gave birth / Do you think so? It looked like she was near her due date a few days ago Doggie~  where is she? She won't be able to raise her puppies on her own That's true Yeah, because of her injured leg.. She might die if we don't find her now / You're right Every resident in the village is looking for her Uh? Overe there.. Don't go closer to her Found the dog who looks somehow exhausted As she seems to be in a severe condition, approaches her closely Informant : Maybe she's going to give birth? Compared to the past where she would run away if people get near her, The dog doesn't move at all even when the people are around I think her labor started already Need to check her condition But the dog tries to avoid at all cost She's going out to run away Seeing her breathing rapidly and her closing her eyes, I guess her labor is about to start Decide to call a vet while watching her out As she's lack of strength to run away, The dog stays still in the same spot The people's eager to help her right away, but decide to watch her in a distance so that she won't get stressed Imagine that a 4-year-old child has survived alone like her.. Even if she's a fool.. She must be in pain.. It must be tough for this little dog to go through such agony alone.. Informant : If she gives birth tonight, her puppies might freeze to death That being said, decide to make a delivery room for the dog and move her to the room Meanwhile, the dog's suffering from pain.. Looks like she has a problem.. Even when the people approach her, The dog can't move at all Cover her with the blanket It's okay.. Finally, the dog's rescued.. and is safely transferred to the delivery room The only reason she's staying still is because she's suffering from pain.. Especially when men are near her, she wound't just stay here She'd become so wary.. Finally, a vet has arrived I can see many puppies / Oh really? She kept pushing hard, but couldn't let her puppies out That's because her puppies are stuck in the pelvis Her puppy's head is too big and some are still in the womb It could be problematic to all puppies The puppy's head is stuck in her pelvis that causes danger.. Informant : I'm sorry.. Sorry, doggie.. The rest of her puppies might lose life.. Try to put the puppy who's stuck in the pelvis out It's been a while since it died Oh no.. That's why you were suffering.. Vet : She's not able to give birth normally because her pelvis is too narrow and small for puppies Look, the puppy's a bit shrinked.. Their dad must be big Her pelvis is not large enough to give birth The normal delivery is impossible due to her large sized puppies.. Vet : Since it's her puppy..
Informant : Yeah, she recognizes her puppy..
Vet : She's affectionate toward it.. The fact that the puppy died before it came out, indicates that she's in pain and her puppies too she needs to get a cesarean operation as soon as possible One death of a puppy could mean the rest puppies' life in danger The cesarean operation is the only way to save both the dog and her puppies Urgently receives surgery Can the unborn puppies be saved? 