The underpass road in the center of the city Informant : It's been five days until that I heard a cat crying inside there.. The crying gets louder over this and that hole PD : Which hole?
Informant 2 : You see over there? A little, black one.. The small hole of the ditch next to the road where they hear the crying sound Control vehicles for safety A cat might respond to the cat's crying? As if greeting, a cat's crying comes out from the inside Place food in where the crying was heard and wait With a crying sound, a cat appears The cat empties the bowl in an instant and leaves.. Since then, the cat didn't appear all night long As morning came, Decide to search where the cat would be trapped in the ditch An endoscope camera goes in Where's the cat.. Spot sparkling eyes in the dark Looks like it's a kitten who's only 2 months old How come he trapped in such a narrow and dark space.. Expert : The kitten went down 98 inches vertically. He would move around 1 to 118 inches horizontally Looks like the kitten is in the middle of the passage which connects the ditch on both sides It's highly likely that the kitten fell to the hole while instinctively looking for a place to hide himself The underpass road is quite large.. Perhaps, there might be another exit to the outside? But..! The another way in the opposite direction where the cat left after eating up The way where the cat disappeared.. Check what else is in that way Expert : Where's that? Something blocks the camera to go further Expert : I can see the end But seeing that the camera fell down, Can't confirm with the camera but, I think it must be a dangerous structure with a deep hole down below A mysterious space at the end of another passage.. What is this space? That space should be right at this point The door's locked as it is a restricted area With the cooperation of the department in charge of managing the underpass road Goes down to the inside Almost half of the space was filled with water And a hole! PD : Is it connected to the hole of the underpass road? Staff : Yes, it is Rainwater or underground water flows down to this space where it contains water The end of the passage goes to the rainwater storage The depth of the space is over the height of a male adult The kitten could come to this space and if the kitten can't swim, he might be drowned At that moment, The kitten's crying is heard from the hole Upon flashing the hole, the kitten's spotted It must be a horror for the kitten to stuck inside the ditch where he's distressed by the loud noise of cars running above him No matter how much he tried to escape from the ditch He would always end up in a dead end.. Below the ground where no one's checking.. To escape from where there's no fresh water and lights at all All he could do is.. just cry out for help down in the hole.. First off, block the hole just in case and start the rescue Rescue team : I don't know.. It's hard to know where it links to.. Since we can't see the inside.. After discussion, Decide to put a trap net into the ditch hole and rescue the kitten Once the kitten steps into the net for food, they're going to pull it up Control vehicles for safety A vet came for emergency Vet : So many are on his body Seeing on the screen, looks like his whole body's contaminated Use the light to lure the kitten who's 393 inches away The kitten appears without troubles Rescue team : His curiosity is still active Curious about things but still scared of them.. What's left for now is to catch the kitten with the net The net is going down Upon seeing the net, the kitten turns back Drop food to the net Flash it And wait.. The kitten's out! Naturally goes into the net When half of his body goes in... Missed. The startled kitten goes into the ditch more deeper.. Unavoidable temptation of food.. This time, carefully wait for the right timing They were too careful though.. The kitten takes food out and fills his stomach You shouldn't be full though.. AD : Where's the kitten? Rescue Team : Right in front of there But he's turning his back The kitten's looking at this direction. He doesn't think about going in that way The kitten doesn't move from the spot where it's difficult to rescue him Can he be rescued? Tries again As the net goes in The kitten runs to the opposite direction Giant water storage is on the opposite side Hurriedly blocks the way ??? The kitten climbs it as if it's a ladder Kennel, kennel! Anyway, rescue success! The kitten could finally see the light of the world You've gone through so much You were so loud So pretty! People worried so much about this cute little one for over a week Now everyone can laugh even after hearing him crying How's his health? Vet : There were no abnormal signs according to the test His kidney, liver and the other organs all function well But.. These white dots are all stones Vet : He must have struggled a lot to survive Because there was no food at all If he could find anything he can eat he must have licked everything around it where there was a lot of stones so he swallowed them together He must have struggled a lot in such harsh surrounding.. Time to erase bad and dark memories and start a new beginning Don't worry about meow~ 