Every midnight Woof woof woof!! A guest visits Can't see anything..? (The dog) Came and has been barking since 10 days ago... I don't know why she barks like that. Two hours later... The night guest has appeared again..! Looks like she's looking for something While she was searching for something.. Woof woof woof!!! Suddenly Woof woof woof!!! She starts barking... When someone's presence is heard.. She runs away Confirm her identity through the screen... She's Boksook.... She was a stray dog and I've been feeding her since several years ago. She was rarely seen and I thought that she must be living well somewhere... Ten days ago, Boksook appeared again But she's changed totally Woof!Woof!Woof! Woof!Woof!Woof! Started barking... But She barks at a door..?! This is our boiler room... An ordinary boiler room One thing that strikes out..? Informant : This is a blanket that the puppies were using. PD : Ah..There were puppies here? One day, a month ago I came here to clean and was surprised after finding these puppies Where had they come from... The puppies were in the storage Couldn't find their owners nor their mother The puppies were sent to foster family Could they be the puppies of Boksook Putting the puppies in the storage where they were first found Like that day, a month ago Place a brick and proceed with the rescue.. The time when Boksook appears Around the time when Boksoon usually appears Boksook shows up as expected Woof!woof! As the puppies bark first She opens the door...! She checks around carefully The puppies wag their tails And Boksook looks over them Mom! We missed you! Even at a small sound coming from outside Dashes and only after checking that it's safe she returns to the puppies The chance is now..! The rescue needs to be quick..! Getting closer bit by bit Rescue success! Boksook! It's okay You did well... She's so terrified... To see if her health is okay She's examined.. Vet : She is better than expected, considering that she's been a feral dog But wounds are all over her face Vet : If she hadn't received treatments for the wounds, she could end up like this. She must have got hurt when she went under the shut door... Boksoon gave birth on rough streets In the last resort, Boksoon who was roaming around to take care of her puppies, thought the lady who'd been nice to her was the only hope and decided to take her puppies to her, though feeling desperate as she had to leave her puppies here While Boksook roamed around outside by herself She must have looked for the puppies Every single night.. Boksook! The puppies are here! Finally... Mother Boksook's reunited with her puppies Once Boksook adjusts I will bring her and the puppies in "I will raise them well~" True love of family will last forever <3 