Salgu~ Went in the fridge before Salgu! Gurrrrllll Salgu! The washing machine this time..? What's up Guardian : Used to be sweet, and come when called But little by little, she started hiding... Far from social life.. From the closet To the ceiling +_+ Stay in the room! Now even Hides in the litter box Get lost! Even attacks..! What's up with you, Salgu..? Nah! I don't wanna talk to anyone! Guardian : Cats are normally clean So it's hard to imagine for her sitting in the litter box like that What is Salgu so afraid of..? While mom's gone... Meowwww!! Salgu's being attacked.. The one who chases after And teases Salgu... is Liz Salgu's childhood friend But now.. They fight to the death They became an enemy... Guardian : Liz was adopted when she was 3 months old, but was abandoned again That's when Salgu started hiding... Since Salgu came back home, their relationship changed Guardian : I can't give up on Liz I hope that Salgu and Liz get along And live long together... How to fix Their broken relationship Vet arrives to help Salgu Liz attacks That freak again I would rather hide man.. Vet : It's similar to autism as she has kept being cast down from the continuous attacks She's daunted The solution for Salgu..? Vet : Preparing a safe space for Salgu will help her relieve the stress and anxiety Remodeling for Salgu! Until she regains confidence, Salgu needs some alone time Can she go back to usual? A few days later Finally Salgu reunites with her friends Fortunately, they welcome her back<3 Missed you<3 You missed me too? To improve their relationship *Purrrring* Vet : When the cats hear the purring sound, which they create when they are in a good mood, they will be relieved from the stress and anxiety of their conflict Hmmm... Relaxing.. Liz and Salgu come face to face Relax<3 Guardian : Salgu looks comfortable with Liz right next to her She's improved so much. A long-awaited peace :) Guardian : We're one family so no more fighting I hope we live happily together for a long time Gotcha 