Now! A game begins now Throw it~ is ignored.. Where are you going? I wanna play! Pls throw it to me~ Looks far away She could just play with him.. But why doesn't she play with him..? Play with me! I feel so sorry for him.. So pitiful ;( The dog owner is.. Huh? What are y'all talking about?! Who is the victim.. I'll show you! The game has begun.. First half Second half Overtime Penalty kick When does it end? No more, Choco Mom is too tired, Mom's shoulder hurts a lot No more, Choco In my a** Keep going! He asks me to throw it for 24 hours Choco's owner : Because of that, my arm and shoulder hurt so much that I had to go to the oriental medical clinic Mom..if you have to go to the clinic Go after playing :) Nope. If so..Lemme see.. Hey there~ Let's play Refuse Excuse me Ma'am~ (Once he begins) he keeps doing it so people get exhausted when 'Choco' comes, the cafe customers all run away without making eye contact Look at my eyes +_+ Sigh, you win Have you ever heard of Taking turns  to play a ball game haha Failed Hey you hoomans.. Go with me! Throw it to me! Get it! Get it! (Ignoring is the right response in this kind of situation) Choco, go easy.. Jeez.. Hey, stranger Let da ball game begin! Start! Oi! Nuisance PLAY WITH ME Come here! Come here let's go! Bye Choco~ No more, Choco! It's gone, no more Noooo!!! My precious...Ball.. Because (playing with the ball) is fun, we started it but it turned into an obsession with the ball.. I don't have it You think I'm a fool huh Mom is gonna throw this away Cannes acting You have so much money that you can just throw the ball away?! My ball.. My ball! It's about time for you to give up.. When I go out and I'm not there, he does seem to give up Only obsessed over a ball when people are nearby? Prepared a 360 camera "Can see everything~" camera.. that will observe 'Choco' Set up the observation area! Set up w/o creating a blind spot Immersed in acting The bait's been thrown The guardian's out Will Choco quell his obsession? Let's take a look.. Zoom in Ball Even though the ball is there he's not interested Who is this? Teacher, why's Choco like this? Let's play He's using a 'tone of command' now I'll put it in front of you so "Throw it" "Why aren't you throwing it, throw it quickly" Mom had begun to follow his command and had kept following it Mama was a total slave to ball play The beginning and end (of playing) should be determined by Mom Watch carefully~ Holds~ Position reset I take the lead After throwing the ball Wait! Bring it, Choco Trudge U-turn It's not funny anymore.. Take leadership and Start the game! Wait Choco! After waiting for a moment Bring the ball Will he.. End of obsession He should bark or do something like that but.. he doesn't even bring it..it's amazing What do I play with now? Choco, shall we play with this? Setting a new toy Fitness + Provide Snacks A pet robot is set up Spouts out snack What is this creature? Spouts out snaky? Then it's a good one! I hope Choco becomes a doggo who doesn't become a nuisance wherever we go, okay Choco? Okie doc Choco become a good boy <3 