Thought there was no one else.. But.. What if someone else is living inside my car..? Informant : Oh my, what's that? The incident that turns doubts into certainty.. Trace of the culprit! Looks like someone's inside here An enclosed inside of the car.. Who could possibly get into it..? Time to find out the identity of the culprit Next morning The food placed as a bait disappeared Who are you.. In dark night A kitten who breaks the silence..? How could this kitten be able to get into the car? What was recorded in the camera is the kitten eating and disappeared to somewhere else Couldn't find any clue that would help them find the kitten Informant :  On my way back from work a few days ago A kitten suddenly jumped to the road and almost got hit by a car The lady accidentally found a kitten who lost his mom on the street She took him into her car as it was dangerous for the kitten to be left alone In the meantime when she came back to her car after looking around The kitten disappeared without leaving any traces.. Thought the kitten went missing But the kitten has been actually living inside the car so far.. Why couldn't she know it so far? I didn't realize it at all Because I couldn't hear anything and the ktten didn't make sound when moving Didn't think that the kitten would be living here Then it's obvious that the kitten is in the car now.. Try to find where the kitten is hiding Search every part of the inside, including even a small hole where he'd be hiding but couldn't find the kitten at all Hello~ An engine bay where cats are often found! There's a space, this spot and that spot But there's no hole where the cat could go inside PD : The hole that links the outside and the inside? / Yes. so it's impossible to go inside In a nut shell, there's no way that the kitten would be hiding in the engine bay as the engine bay are completely separated from the inside of the car Then where in the car the kitten woud be mostly hiding..? Perhaps.. this spot? Expert : It's just impossible because there's not enough space for the kitten to move.. No holes are big enough to contain the kitten Because it's too small.. Under the driving seat is the only space where the kitten could hide Under the driving seat The most possible spot where the expert 
 think the kitten could hide is above the pedal on the driving seat PD : There are so many wires blocking the way to get inside.. Once the wires are removed, the hole is found Look inside with an endoscope camera A narrow entrance and entangled wires are spotted first How could the kitten hide in such a narrow space? No, I don't think the kitten could get inside.. Don't know how he did it tho As the camera goes deeper.. Found an unexpected, small space Still couldn't find the kitten.. Place the camera in the entrance of the hole and observe Uh!? The kitten's crying! Then a front leg of the kitten shows up How strange though.. There was definitely nothing before.. Looks like the kitten's enjoying his life Are you having fun there? And then.. Sleeps so well.. Like really well But!! As soon as he hears someone approaching The kitten disappeared with a wind blow.. Doesn't look like he would ever come out on his own Let's give him a chance I'm going to open every door Every door is open and wait for the kitten to come out.. ....... But he didn't come out As the doors are closed and everyone disappears.. The kitten's enjoying his time alone.. Perhaps it's not that the kitten couldn't go out.. but he doesn't want to go out..? Maybe he thinks it's the safest home..? We have to get him out.. It's only a matter of time to find him as we found out his hiding place PD : Not there?
Expert : No.. There're scratch marks behind that go up PD : Scratch marks? / Yes Ah here.. The claw marks prove that the kitten was here! PD : What are you going to do with it? Expert : I'm going to shoot the air at this spot and see if the kitten reacts And then!! The kitten comes out from an unexpected place PD : He's out! Looks very frightened.. but the kitten is so cute though hehe PD : The kitten's going to the front seat! Desperately hides but.. PD : I can see his eyes! Try tp catch the kitten safely PD : I got him! I got him! The kitten is smaller than we thought Informant : Aww, good job. You're fine now PD : It's okay Expert : The kitten came out from that space behind PD : Is it even possible to get in there? Expert : Yeah, he came out from here The kitten must have done acrobatics.. He wasn't spotted on an endoscope camera because he fit himself to the curved space.. Expert : I've never seen such thing like this for 30 years Baby kitten's hide and seek game is finally over Vet : the kitten's 9th rib was broken about over a week? At least 1 or 2 weeks ago Now it's getting healed. In my opinion, the kitten was in fear because of the pain caused by a broken rib and wanted to hide in a darker and narrow space The car was a perfect place for him Other than that, his health is fine Informant :  I'm going to raise him well as fate has led us to meet My dog's name is Byeol(star in Korean) So I'm going to name him Dal(moon in Korean) as he's younger than the dog Don't hide anymore Live confidently! 