While always looking outside At every opportunity she goes out the door Sawol would disappear like that every time PD : Huh, she's here! One day, she appears with something in her mouth Which was none other than... A carcass of a puppy Barely taking the body from her The body is buried by her current guardian As if she can't believe it Eventually.... She takes out the puppy again and busily licks her Guardian : The day after I brought her I was bathing her... White milk came out from her breast. So I thought it was odd why her breast was milking... Her body remembers birthing And the reality that she can't accept Barely barely separating the puppy from her Decide to bury the puppy without having Sawol see.. Even after she saw everything Sawol continues to look for her puppy The next day Guardian : Sawol! Guardian : Sawol! /
She once again left home...! Guardian : Were you here Sawol! She was found at a place quite far from home A humble, deserted house She seems to be looking for something Guardian : Oh! They're puppies. What should I do dear! What was discovered was Carcasses of other puppies Whew...seems that she came to look at her puppies... Because of your puppies.. The reason she had to go out every day... Guardian : You gave birth to puppies before...eh? Aigoo gave birth to three puppies with such a small body... She must've been so anxious this whole time... Guardian : I feel very sad and my heart really hurts thinking that she must've come here every day and watch her puppies thinking that they must be alive... A vet comes to the site She takes a look... Vet : It looks like it hasn't been that long since they died. Vet : It seems things went wrong not even a week after they were born. Apologetic that the situation wasn't noticed earlier.. Vet : She keeps trying to go to them because she thinks she needs to look after them. She doesn't recognize they're dead. She can't accept it. But now it's really time to send them off And Sawol still can't believe it Even when told let's go Her footsteps just don't seem to be able to leave While comforting her they decide to send off the puppies. After coming back home What Mom can do is... Guardian : Even though it's late I'm taking care of her... for her postnatal care... Guardian : Because she brought a lot of pain with her So that she can live comfortably and enjoyably at home "We're going to raise her with a lot of care" 