Henlo~ Excuse meh Mart owner : Our regular visitor who comes every day Another regular customer! Mart owner : The brown one is Gumdoong The white one is her daughter, Heendoong They don't leave unless they get food~ Mother and daughter dog wait When can we get our food? It's too late already! Jeez, got it Mart owner: Eat up~ Dog bone is an extra~ But..! Mart owner : I wish the snare could be removed from Gumdoong's leg.. Out of wariness Takes food And leaves~ 10 minutes later.. We're back! Sneaky, sneaky~ AGAIN Just eat up~ Your leg must be hurt Where are you keep going :( Come with us! After walking for a while Gumdoong arrives at a nearby hill Is this your home? but then! PD/ Puppies, puppies! Runnn! Gathered around the cemetery Aww cutie pies..<3 Whachu guys up to? Do you wanna know? Then gimme a snack :P Installs a camera Is this edible? Gumdoong appears at the cemetery Guys, eat up~ YEAH PHOOD Mom, food~<3 For the hungry puppies Mom 'Gumdoong' throws up to feed them Our mom is da best <3 Mart owner/ Dat butt tho It must have been hard to just look after herself No wonder why she won't gain weight when she eats a lot I know I am not well But I have to make sure that they're being fed well Becaues I love them so much But, what happened to Gumdoong? Local : They used to have a family but they didn't take the dogs with them when they moved out Gumdoong and Heendoong were left on the streets They relied on each other.. Right now, Gumdoong has a lot on her shoulders Doc~ Will Gumdoong's family be okay? Vet : Fortunately, the weather has become chilly during that time But they might die if they don't consume fresh food High heat and humidity Can be dangerous for the puppies Furthermore, Vet : If the snare is in too deep Then the leg might have to be amputated A rescue is urgent Installs a trap in the mart 20m ahead, Gumdoong and Heendoong appear Wary for a bit.. Enters~ W/ Gumdoong Right now! Mart owner : It's okay. It's okay, baby Okay~ Go in! Now, rescue the puppies Tadaa the end! Pet me take meh Rescue complete Goes into snare, removal surgery Vet : Gumdoong's surgery was a success She will be able to walk on her own That's the good news How are the puppies? Vet : The mom took care of them well? They only have a skin disease that can be cured in a week Thanks to Gumdoong's motherly love The puppies are healthy Gumdoong~ Recover as soon as possible so you can play with your puppies<3 