After grandma passed away "I..gained a lot of weight" Due to the sense of loss from losing his grandma.. I became obese ;( He's 24kg Our 'Maknae' Hecc... Watchu lookin at!! First time seeing a fat dog? STOP zooming in. Stahp Guardian : Get up~ Whoa. It made me sweat 'Maknae' only looks out the door But He suddenly gets excited Lez go to the grocery store~ Jump for the grocery store! Hooman, pack all the stuff Let's have a feast tonight! Comes out with a hella thicc bag LOL Guardian : He never eats dog food, but only eats this My fave food is.. Red bean bar....?! PD/ Dogs aren't supposed to eat that Yummy yum babe Guardian : Nothing has changed from a diet that her grandma used to feed her As he's been used to food his grandma had fed him He doesn't eat dog food at all PD : Smell it. It's popular among dogs PD : Do you think Maknae remembers his grandma? Guardian : Prolly does... The grandma's old blanket Guardian :  If I take it out, he smells it Yay, I can smell grandma here! Miss her so much.. Maknae starts wagging his tail as if he's excited just to smell the scent of the grandma Guardian : Whose blanket is this, Maknae? Grandma! My grandma.. Though time's passed by the memories of grandma never gets faded Knowing how much he misses her.. Guardian : The grandma used to take him while holding onto a cane And walk around here Walking down memory lane... Local : The grandma couldn't walk well due to her leg injury So he used to follow her and waddle around However Where's grandma.. Grandma's fave store Is she here? Comes to look for grandma often Maybe Maknae still waits for the grandma to come back.. and fill the emptiness from the absence of his grandma with food That snack grandma used to give him.. It's worrisome... Vet : He'll receive a medical checkup to see If he gets stressed or not The result is..? Vet : His hormone levels are all normal Maknae didn't gain weight due to stress Then... What's the real cause.. I don't want to know Vet : The grandma instilled poor eating habits in the dog The dog needs to change his diet completely, and exercise Guardian : Understood. Vet : It's not something to be taken lightly!
Guardian : I'm serious! For reals Guardian : He's never had anything like this before... Changing his diet slowly but surely! Guardian : He eats well. I'm shook It's aite~? It's amazing that he's eating so well Also Using high tech Go move your lazy a** Hecc.. Help... Dis hooman's killing me Guardian : Our Maknae walked a lot! You can lose weight! Imma be in tip-top shape Do you see me from heaven, grandma? Hope you are proud of me <3 