Crew : Hello
Informant : Hello Informant : I've seen a cat who showed up recently Roams around here and never leaves The cat appeared in the apartment complex a few days ago and never left Furthermore, upon seeing people acting cute to them And suddenly, as if asking us to follow her Almost getting closer to catch her, but she never lets After following her, arrives at the wall of the apartment and hears something.. Crew : Uh?! Where's this sound come from? A cat's crying.. Definitely coming from this wall PD : Is it up here? And.. after tracing where the sound comes from.. A crying sound is heard through the small hole of the wall Put an endoscope camera into the hole As the camera goes deep into the narrow ditch Spot the glowing eyes A kitten struggles to go outside? The kitten cries desperately.. Villager : Oh no.. The kitten's trying so hard to get out from there.. So pitiful Perhaps the kitten was trying to notify people that the kitten is here..? A vet arrives on site Checks the kitten's condition through the monitor Vet : The kitten's totally dehydrated His eyes are closing slowly, and he might faint away.. For the dehydrated kitten, provide water through the hose Vet : Don't put the hose toward the kitten's neck Put it close to the wall As soon as the hose is placed near him Vet : He's licking it! Fortunately, drinks water Vet : I'm so relieved now. Let him drink it first and we have to prepare a meal asap Before the rescue Put food through the hose so that he can build up energy As if he's been starved, the kitten starts devouring Vet : It's so fortunate that now he could survive Wonder how he ended up in such a dangerous place.. The cause is unknown but where the kitten is through to be the bottom part of the ditch inside the wall Needs to cut the wall for the rescue.. Get permission from the villagers living around the wall and decide to break the wall for the rescue For the rescue, experts have arrived Rescue Team : First up, we need to find the kitten's location and break the least part as possible around the kitten Grasping the kitten's location should come first The kitten might get hurt in worst case.. Rescue Team : The blade shouldn't go deep into the it, be cautious While checking the inside through the camera, starts cutting the wall The kitten listens attentively to the sound from the outside As the sound gets louder, The kitten starts crying out of anxiety.. Rescue Team : Take it out carefully! Halt! The kitten's very frightened to the point where he twists his body.. The rescue is halted for a moment as the kitten's become too anxious Wait for the kitten relax.. As if gaining stability, the kitten becomes quiet Resume the rescue Finally, the ditch appears Crew : Is the kitten here? Rescue Team : Yes, probably around here Where the kitten is deeper than expected As for the prevention of hurting the kitten, Cut the upper part of where the kitten is.. Hope the kitten to be staying calm just for this moment.. Finally made a small hole in the ditch The kitten does his best to climb up Rescue Team : The kitten's out! Carefully take the kitten so that he won't get frightened and check his condition As being out to the world in a long time, the little and poor kitten looks so flustered Vet : The kitten's so skinny since he's been starved for long we must take measures as soon as possible Transferred to the hospital Receives a medical examination His health is worrisome since he has been exposed to a bad environment How's his health? Vet : As he couldn't eat for days what matters the most is dehydration It could cause lethal damage to liver function.. Due to the lack of nutrient the kitten will be nurtured in the hospital for a while As if he's released the tension, the kitten fell asleep By the way, Did this cat really bring people to rescue the kitten? Vet : It depends on the cat's temperament or a relationship between the two but animals, in general, have a sense of morality, and in terms of animal behavior study, it's true as well Based on this, I believe that the cat sent a sort of SOS signal to save the kitten at a risk Perhaps the cat who sensed that the kitten is in danger first tried her best to help the little kitten... Cover the extracted part of the wall and block the hole to prevent further incidents! After the kitten was rescued, however, the cat disappeared..? Informant : I couldn't see the cat recently
Crew : Really?/ No As if she's done with her duty The cat disappeared without leaving any trace.. A few days later Visited the hospital again The kitten's condition is.. Still wary of people, but looks healthy! Vet : The kitten's gained a lot of weight After being treated, he doesn't have any health issues.. The kitten doesn't cry for survival anymore He cries out loud because he's survived now What does he need on fourth? Vet : He'll become so happy if he meets a good guardian Vet : Are you waiting for a new guardian? 
He said he is~ The cat who did her best to save the kitten and the kitten who tried his best to survive.. Hope both live happily from now on~ 