click clack Ddolsoon(female)’s ears are pricked up Knock knock As the door opens, she rushes outside! and started attacking the female customer for no reason! Ddolsoon barks violently as if she's about to bite her The guardian tries to calm her down, but it's only making her angrier Guardian: She’s only like that towards females Guardian: Any female employees cannot even enter this premises, at all same with other female customers Ddolsoon is busy keeping her guards up against female customers Guardian: Come here, stop it Even the guardian cannot stop her Ddolsoon follows and barks off until the female customer is out of her sight PD: Ow, that’s rough Guardian: Hahaha sigh PD: She follows them even Guardian: Yes, she follows them, she has to see that they are away Is Ddolsoon only like that to females? Male employee: Come here~ Ddolsoon’s vicious side is gone, she’s acting cute Male employee: Do you want me to pat you? Scratch you? Ddolsoon is gentle in front of males PD: Did you know that Ddolsoon barks only at females? Male employee: hahaha I’m not sure about that Male employee: Only at females? I don’t know about that. I wouldn’t know as I’m a male… She’s busy getting him to play with her Her completely different side from before Does Ddolsoon hate all women? So we came prepared 5 females at different age, nationality, and style How would Ddolsoon react to each of them? The first one to participate in the experiment is~ an elementary school student Student: Ddolsoon~ Ddolsoon never accepted female presence on her sight How would she react? Ddolsoon looked at her, then ignored her Perhaps for Ddolsoon she’s only a young girl Next participant, a high school student Ddolsoon is taking it seriously this time She goes around her, then ignored her again No reaction to high school students neither! What about and elderly lady? Granny: Ddolsoon~ Ddolsoon reacts instantly Ddolsoon barks viciously as the granny comes in 
with scary eyes Grandma: She’s not letting me touch anything Granny reaches out to her, but she is still wary of granny Granny: Alright, i’ll never come again Ddolsoon was not reacting to students, but a granny! So far, we found out that Ddolsoon reacts differently depending on their age What about a foreigner that Ddolsoon never met before? Ddolsoon meets a foreigner for the first time She hesitates for a little bit Then she barks! Even though she’s a foreigner, Ddolsoon knows that she’s a female Participant: Hey, it’s okay! Ddolsoon says it’s not okay Ddolsoon reacts to her as well! What about a tomboy Ddolsoon is a little confused Tomboy participant: Here! Ddolsoon doesn’t know what to do She is going into a corner to avoid this situation Tomboy participant: Come on, Ddolsoon, Ddolsoon! She’s not reacting Ddolsoon: I’m comfy here so She didn’t react to the last participant! Experiment shows Ddolsoon hates women! We called in behaviorist Lee Woong-Young The behaviorist observes Ddolsoon’s pattern Behaviorist: She has a strong will to protect her sphere in the factory. Let’s give her treats when people are coming in simultaneously. Behaviorist: So she welcomes people entering into the factory and eventually can put her guards down Throws her treats whenever people enters shifting Ddolsoon’s target from people to treats Will this work? Repeated training A woman enters, she starts barking againg However, giving her treats, she stops barking and starts looking for treats! Ddolsoon is distracted by treats, she cannot care less about who enters The second stage, get used to the woman’s presence in the factory! As the factory tend to have not many female employees, Ddolsoon can find it strange and awkward to see a woman here Ddolsoon! Ddolsoon~ So we organised a girl’s partay Ddolsoon is getting used to seeing a woman in her life Ddolsoon was wary at first, but she started feeling comfortable She even finds herself at peace in front of granny that she reacted violently She feels comfortable now! Behaviorist: This is to help Ddolson to trust and interact with woman Her guards are down, not it’s time to build trust Female employee: Ddolsoon, Let’s go~ One by one, the more female walks her to build trust relationship with Ddolsoon Ddolsoon is getting better thanks to repeated training Female: It’s been a while since I came in here Female: I haven't seen her this close before, she’s very cute Ddolsoon is getting comfortable living with females Ddolsoon used to hate and bark off females Now, she promises not to hate anyone and to become a good girl! 