Bobby who refuses contact Can this be changed..? This man who runs happily is Ron from Nehterlands and his pet looking very handsome Crew: Wow, what's his name? 
Ron: It's Bada Crew: Bada? 
Ron: Yes, Bada! Ron: Bada doesn't have any problem. I have Bada's sibling from the same mother at home Crew: Bada's sibling?
Ron: Yes, Bobby. I'm worried about Bobby... We followed Ron and Bada to their home after a stroll Ron: Welcome to our place~
Crew: Thanks! House is quiet Ron: This is Bobby Bobby doesn't welcome his guardian, but only stares at him Ron: Bobby ~ You want to go for a walk? When Ron approaches him, he runs away from him Ron: Bobby ~ It's okay~ It's okay When Ron sits down, Bobby even runs outside Ron: Don't run away from me.. Bobby Bobby came into the room and hides at the corner again Ron: I only use a finger then he'd still run away PANIC Ron: Bada~~ You want a treat? Unlike Bada who enjoys the treat from Ron comfortably Booby can only watch... Ron: Bobby, come here~ Bobby Bobby doesn't move a muscle Ron gives it under Bobby's nose..! Bobby seemed interested for a bit but didn't eat after all Bobby hides behind Bada and never come to Ron Ron: He is always hiding behind Bada How are they so different from each other ... Bada who's comfortable with Ron's touch Ron is confused at Bobby who doesn't feel comfortable with him Ron: I love you~ Ron: Someone posted a picture of Bada saying that there is a poor fella at the park. He was so skinny Surprisingly, Bada was no different from Bobby now Ron: Let's go home~ A stray dog who wandered off Park Han-river Ron: Why don't you come with me? Rom felt sorry for him and visited him every day with food Bada who was very wary of people started opening it's mind to him Crew: Oh, he came into the cage! 
Ron: Yes Thanks to his own endeavor, he successfully rescued Bada and took him as a family but he never felt comfortable for a while at first But Ron let him take his time and looked after him until he feels this place home He put time and heart into it and it finally helped Bada open his mind wide Ron: I was so HAPPY!! I was so so happy Yet, an unexpected news That there is a sibling of Bada at a stray dog protection centre! And that was Bobby Ron: After I adopted Bada, he was depressed he wouldn't eat and won't hang out with his friend. So after I find out about Bobby... I thought they should live together Turns out, Bada and Bobby were rescued and lived together at the centre and they were separated as Bada was adopted first When Bada left the house he was adopted to and was wandering, he met Ron After Bada's adoption, Bobby didn't eat and was very depressed Hearing this news, Ron decided to adopt Bobby too Ron: When I was adopting Bobby, I thought Bobby would feel this place home soon like Bada. It's been 3 months now almost... Ron: It's a bone soup
Crew: Healty food
Ron: Correct! haha He's doing his best but Bobby is still wary of him after 3 months Ron: Bobby, eat some~ It might take a year, 2 years, 3 years... that's okay. But one thing! I want to take him for a walk... Bobby must be lonely not being able to walk so Ron invited doge-fwends Bada is excited But Bobby froze and he decided to stay in the room Local: Bobby, we met before~ Out of pity, approaches to him a little Bobby is still very wary of people Local: Bobby~ Bobby, Let's go for a walk~ no~? Local: I feel really sorry for him. Bada is fine now he's adjusted to his surroundings but Bobby can't even leave this place.... They left, leaving Bobby behind... Ron feels sorry for him not being able to go for walk with him Ron: That's what I'm worried about the most, that he is always left behind... What is Bobby doing in the mean time? ......? Unlike in front of Ron, Bobby is so energetic! suddenly, he sits facing the door... perhaps he's wating for Ron and Bada... he stays there stealthily A while after As Ron and Bada comes back, Bobby hides in the room again and become the coward he is usually What's making him so scared...? Ron: Hey, I am still waiting Can Bobby open up to him? 