"Found a foundling" Peekaboo I'm the youngest Updoong<3 Our dad? Out of 10 genes, 3 are not a match Not related, according to a DNA test Doesn't matter if we're not related You're still da best daddy<3 Guardian : (One day) Un was acting weird. Wouldn't go in when it was raining Standing by the door One day, Un became restless Looking closely inside the house, Updoong was there! But... Updoong has a leg injury.. Guardian : He limps while walking So that's why Even when Updoong steals food Eat up! My baby! Only after Updoong finishes eating Papa Un eats the leftovers ;( Un suddenly turns up?! Noorung appears Updoong also comes out of the house And greets the dog..?! Guardian : That yellow dog Is the mom... Also... Another dog! Updoong gets breastfed for the first time in forever But only for a moment They go their separate ways Leaving Updoong alone again Bc of the injured leg He can't follow them.. That Updoong is welcomed by Un Don't be sad puppy, I'm here with you Vet checks His condition... Vet : There are no issues with his nerves But his bones are weak It's most likely congenital.. Vet : When the mom gives birth where food is provided She leaves the baby there if he's sick She trusted Un To take care of him Like a godfather, Un took good care of Updoong Then, to keep an eye on the strangers Mom shows up again And leaves again.. Chases after her But disappears into the woods.. Updoong belatedly Starts running away... Rides amongst the thorns Baby, baby! Doesn't answer when called.. Vet : If you hear a person's voice, it's natural to respond But he doesn't even make a sound He knows how to hide to survive But the wild Is still too dangerous for the puppy... Vet :  He can form an ectozoon infection or a skin disease The producer hurries to a rescue When no one's around he appears cautiously Starts running away..! Meets at a dead end A successful rescue! Now the mom needs to be rescued.. Using the puppies to lure her Installs the net, and waits.. Right then, Updoong starts crying Mom! Come get me! And mom appears in the distance! Imma save you little puppers! Approaches the puppies As soon as she comes close Up! Up! As if flustered Starts running at full speed Escapes through another hole Missing the chance to rescue her.. Vet : Because she's lived in the wild, and is very wary She might not appear for a while We need to take our time with this rescue The remaining puppies Will be under Un's care..! Until the reunion with your mom, have fun with your uncle Un~ 