A dog crossing a dangerous road As she's used to it..? Whenever she walks, something's swinging on her leg Upon closer look On her leg There's a huge tumor How can she live with that heavy thing Every day The dog waits for one person This fella always waits for me in front of the office so I feed her every day Perhaps she understands the lady's kindness to feed her every day Acting cute Last year, the tumor wasn't big like this But it's getting bigger and bigger, which is worrisome now The tumor which was small at first Gradually Has become almost like a heavy rock With such leg, The dog heads to somewhere.. Can't see her! Seems like she headed over there The dog went missing in the woods near factories Over that line! She was wandering around.. Around the building behind the factory The factory where she's often spotted PD : There she is..! But Someone's next to her? PD : A white dog.. Are you raising her? Staff/ Nope, she's not my dog I came here this year and found a dog The previous CEO of this company went bankrupt and fled, leaving everything behind including a dog The dog has put the painful past behind and gotten along with new people who have been taking care of her Rolls on her back asking to pet her! Feels great, right? I took her to the hospital for surgery But the doctor said the surgery won't help since the tumor would come back anyway Said it'd be better for her to stay just like now With her health issue being out of hand, What she can do is.. Sits and guards this place like this.. Even with a small movement Perhaps she'd see someone she's been longing for Waits Gets disappointed And waits again.. Next morning Perhaps it's getting worse The dog looks uncomfortable Eventually, a vet comes to check her condition.. Vet : As a tumor grows, it imposes pressure in the middle, which causes vascular disease and nerve disorders. Thus, if her tumor is malignant and spreads to other parts, the survival time would be shortened. Eventually, she's transferred to the hospital and gets examination.. Vet : It's quite likely that the tumor is malignant when considering her symptoms Decided to remove the tumor Through surgery Uhh..! But..! The tumor has spread around her leg already.. Vet : Once tumor tissues, which have largely spread, are removed, she won't be able to use her leg. Thus, a leg amputation would be the best for her as it prevents the recurrence of tumors Can't imagine how painful it was for her to end up like this.. She had surgery safely..! A guest visits her.. Baekgu~ She lost her one leg.. The lady is thankful that the dog has endured such tough surgery Vet : A follow-up on the tumor of her leg must be conducted For now, we gotta work on to have her live well with 3 legs Though she'd go through a hard time while living only with 3 legs " She'll be happy with ppl who are willing to be her fourth leg :) " 