Crew: Hello
Informant: Hello I called you guys because there are dogs left by themselves in an empty house and I was worried A report that dogs are left in an empty house…! Following after the informant, really there are two dogs! Informant: Asoon~ Arong~ As the informant calls their names they start to whine Informant: That one’s Arong and the dog in front is Asoon Dog food filling up a side of the room How did they end up left alone in a deserted, empty house? As if they have lots to say They whine sorrowfully looking at the crew… TwT Informant: I don’t know the name of their guardian nor his contact info but… I do know which animal hospital he’d take them to Rushing to the respective animal hospital Crew: Have you ever had anyone come in with two Retriever mix dogs..? Vet: Oh, I know him Crew: Oh, you do? Vet: He came about a month or two months ago and got them vaccinated for rabies At then, I think due to some skin disease I prescribed them medical shampoo and gave them a shot Hoped to get any kind of info regarding the guardian, but Vet: He doesn’t have a cellphone but only has a landline Crew: Oh, a landline?
Vet: Yes Eventually came back home without any useful information Even just 2 months ago the guardian visited the hospital with the dogs Where did the guardian go… and how did they end up being deserted…? Village resident: When the mister was there they never cried but after the mister left they started to howl Crew: Do you know anything about the guardian..? Village resident: I don’t know The dogs lie down comfortably as if they gave up to check if perhaps the guardian swung by decided, to set up a camera and observe Their sorrowful howling continued and time passed, but… they were still alone… It’s become a dark night At that moment!! someone came by at the door! The crew follows behind quickly Crew: Sir, wait!! Is he the guardian.? Mister who takes care of the dogs: I live on the third floor of this building… and since the guardian is hospitalized he asked me to take care of them So, I come by from time to time He didn’t look very well so I asked and he said he had cancer Crew: Do you know which hospital he’s at? Mister who takes care of the dogs: I don’t know… not the hospital Asoon and Arong’s guardian is hospitalized! So, the mister is taking care of them every day He cleans inside and fills up food in their bowl. Memories of the fellas and the mister on a side of the room The fellas who were happy inside the photo are just waiting endlessly for the mister without knowing why… Village resident: He was very passionate regarding the dogs. He is a dog person He’d walk them 5~6 times a day~ circling around here every day! The dogs were his family, his fambam Mister who takes care of the dogs/ I think the dogs get depressed. At times like that, they howl TwT I think they’re waiting Crew: For whom? Mister who takes care of the dogs/ The mister..!! The guardian guardian To the neighbors, even though the guardian wasn’t rich he was all for the dogs he was a person very warm at heart… Even while making a living picking up waste papers without a family he took Arong and Asoon as his own children After such a guardian disappeared suddenly, the two were left behind How flustered would they be… If we could explain to them the guardian’s condition… how good that be… A sleepless night continued Next day Crew: The dogs are gone! Crew: Where’d they go? They left without a trace! Checking the camera in a rush!! Crew: Huh? Isn’t it that dog? That one? Over there, just passed by! Crew: Let’s go! Chasing after the fellas who, for some reason are roaming about the streets Crew: Lady, wait! Woman: Yes! Hi! Crew: Hi~ Aren’t these the dogs who were in the empty house? Woman: Yes, they are I work here so I met them every day But one day, they were outside and heard he’s been hospitalized So, I take them out for pee a couple of times a day For the fellas, she’s been taking them out for strolls Thank you so so much..TwT Woman: Because of them he pushed back on going to the hospital many times in trying to take care of them a day longer Hearing from the lady of the guardian’s whereabouts Crew: Hello~ Are you Arong and Asoon’s guardian? Guardian: Yes~ The crew gives an update on fellas to the guardian Seeing Arong crying in front of the door the guardian eventually sheds tears Guardian: I was diagnosed with both cancer and stroke I wasn’t feeling well and when I went home, I passed out That day, the guardian lost his consciousness and passed out due to abrupt symptoms of paralysis and fortunately, he was found by his neighbors and was transferred to the hospital So then, he didn’t have any chances to take care of them TwT Guardian: I woke up 2~3 days after at ER so I didn’t have time… I want to live with them… but at the maximum, it’ll be 2~3 years of time… I don’t want to scar them twice Although he wants to live with the fellas he’s afraid he’ll hurt Arong and Asoon again once he’s gone Guardian: I ask you to look after Arong and Asoon… Please take care of them until they find a new guardian The fellas and the guardian must have parted without a warning Decided to meet Arong and Asoon for the last time! Can’t believe he’s able to meet them now after all this time..! A heart fluttering moment Guardian: Asoon~! He calls their name out loud Guardian: Arong!!! They look in the direction where his voice comes from Even when the guardian gets close and calls their names they show him their backs and react indifferently… TwT Guardian: I think they’re really mad Crew: Are they? TwT Guardian: They won’t look at me… I’m sorry… I was ill… Arong… I’m sorry… Perhaps in their perspective… disappearing without saying anything got them mad? Normally they’d be wagging their tail once he comforts them a bit, but Guardian: Right, this is better actually so that I can let you guys go Hiding his sad and apologetic feelings Asoon~ the guardian continues to call their names and pet them Goodbye… I loved you… I… was happy… thanks to you guys… I really wish you guys will meet a good guardian and live a happy life… Can’t leave them inside the empty house any longer With the help of those who's been taking care of them the two fellas set out for a new beginning..! Woman: I’m thankful they’ll meet someone who’ll raise them well, but goodbyes are hard I’ve grown so close to them you know… Village resident: Meet a good guardian, Arong, okay? Though sad, everyone says their farewell with a token of encouragement Village residents: Asoon, good bye~ Arong, you too!! Arrived at a training center where they can run around freely, who must’ve been frustrated trapped inside a tiny house! Someone we know..! Lee Chan-Jong, Director: Hello Arong and Asoon will be taken care of here at our training center until they meet a good guardian Hope Arong and Asoon will understand their guardian’s heart… and that they won’t be scarred too much… We root for their new dog life with a good guardian..! 