Here.. is a cat family that locked themselves up Kittens are hiding -> Informant: Not long ago… a kitten seems to have been hunted down Production crew: Hunted? / Yes... The day the informant witnessed it… Informant: I watched the security camera footage thinking, ‘Oh, why did a kitten die?' Just like any other day the cat family was taking a walk in front of a factory Some time later two wild dogs approached the factory (In front of the factory) they were standing, then they came in Perhaps they knew this place, they came in smoothly and went straight to where cats were
<- stray cat house Then started a cat hunt The kitten was the weakest and had a problem with its sight from birth…. It could have been more difficult for him to run away than other kittens and after a few days, I couldn’t spot another one so I thought ‘Oh, it must have gone for a walk’ Another kitten was found killed Just like that a mama cat lost her two kittens.. (The place her kitten was killed) she wandered around there and kept her eye on it It seems she found it unbearable They were living here initially (Empty stray cat house) In order to protect the last of her kittens the mama cat hid deep in the factory Out of pity factory staff had given them some space Come eat, my baby -> mama cat keeps her guard up to protect the baby (wild dogs) were seen 1-2 weeks ago according to the footage They weren’t here before then? / No, they weren’t seen here before (but) I checked the footage from different days and those weren’t the only ones coming there are others
(Security cam footage) (Another pack of wild dogs) Looking for cats they look for everywhere in the factory There were a lot (of cats). A lot less nowadays Due to the wild dogs’ attack local stray cats are disappearing Can’t you see them during the day? Never in the day Starts looking for the dogs' place to stop this vicious hunting I saw them running fast Where were they going? They went up to the mountain, through the path next to the apartment A local mountain is where they are hiding? Unwelcoming night has come Reemerged in the neighborhood, two wild dogs! RUN!! (Sniff) Will this vicious hunt be stopped...? To be continued in Part 2 