Rescue endangered lives living in the middle of the road in the midst of a mountain The biggest scale so far, 40 rescuers and 12 hours are put Rescue continued under the extreme heat Stop, stop, stop!! Uh, no Catch em! You gotta catch them! Rescue team: They're in! block! Animal protection association: Yeah, this is wild Vet: This is our only chance Take this one and only chance to rescue in the a school of dogs in danger 120 hours record of rescuing endangered lives are now released! Mountain road where you can face strange situations Producer: That's it. Is the dog dead? Is it a dog? Crew: Yeh, it is In the middle of the road, a dog is found lying down Yet, he's not alone 4 dogs started moving and walk across the road Producer: Oh man~ NO! Jeez.... The dogs are not even scared of cars Why on earth does a school of 4 dogs start wandering around in this mountain? They look similar but different from one another Getting more and more curious of these dogs who gathered here in the mountains When were they started showing? Informant: I saw them a month ago when I drove by. 
I found that weird so I came back and there they were. Surely there isn't enough food here ... It's been a month since they showed up Are they waiting for something perhaps? 4 dogs are sticking together Fearless dogs, not even startled Though they are not scared of fast moving cars they are busy running away when they sense people's presence! They don't go far, they are gathered again Producer: OH!! There must be a reason why they are staying here... Crew: Do you see the dogs there? 
Local: Yes I see them. I don't know who they belong to Local: Someone must have left them 
Crew: It's impossible for them to come here by themselves? / No 600M height mountain 2 lane road must be enough obstacle for the dogs It's odd to say they are family cos they look different Not sure how they met each other but they are living here as a team How could they have survived here without a guardian? At that time! they look busy They drink water from god knows where Quick drinking, then they came back to the middle of the road Then! Producer: There is one more Another one popped up and the 4 dogs welcome the dog Small dog, and its appearance is very similar to one of the dogs! Perhaps all 5 are abandoned? If this one is born here then at least for 60 days, he must have been stuck here for two months However Crew: There are snacks
Producer: Where? 
Crew: Here, there are snacks There found half eaten dog snack and water bowls in different colors and shapes The dogs started running towards a man crossing the road They used to run away from people, but not this time Keeping a safe distance, they eat food in order Local: They are here every day. I feel bad for them. It's really hot you know. I give them food and water Relying on local's care, they have been living here like this Even this food sometimes get stolen by crows Are they waiting for food and help? Or are they waiting for their owner who abandoned them here? Who can solve this mystery There is a little town if you go along the road where the dogs are Local: Never seen them Local: I don't know them Local: Doesn't ring a bell No one knew about the dogs It's not difficult to come down to this town As if they are in protest, they don't move from there The dogs started moving a little path down the road Where are they going? then! The dogs stopped on the side of the road then started walking again like nothing happened We followed them The dogs have disappeared, in a concrete manufacturer? A big factory down the road there the dogs are Producer: Hello, this is Kritter klub. Do you know about the 5 dogs here? 
Factory staff: Yes Producer: Have you seen them? 
Factory staff: Yes, their owner lived up there, and the owner left them when moved out Producer: Where?
Factory staff: Up there, there is a house There found a house the dogs used to live! An old house 4 dogs (except the pup) had lived in this house for 3 years with an old couple Tragedy came a year ago Factory staff: He was working and suddenly he had a stroke. out of the blue. So he couldn't do anything but stay home Probably for a few years, like that. And one day they moved out Unexpected stroke an old couple had to spend challenging days economically and mentally Then one day, they left In the empty house, what's left were the four dogs Local: If the grandma goes to the paddy, the dogs would follow her. They were here for some time The old couple and 4 dogs lived here for 3 year Not knowing where their guardians have gone they are still waiting on the old couple around their workplace To be continued in Part 2... 