I'm not going,  I can't go The misunderstanding and truth about a stroll Here, you see Sowon I'm not gonna walk, sue me (Spinning) Drag me.. (Dragging) You go for a walk Another fwend, Shasha Ah... It's not that he doesn't want to go home He hates being out of home What the two are suffering from is, surprisingly, 'I hate strolling' disease Pet dogs are supposed to like going on a stroll though? No? Vet: It could be a guardian's misunderstanding When you walk your dog the way you walk your dog varies by your dog's breed and personality (Chewing) Nah! I'm not going!! Leggo, Sowon To where? Animal Behaviorist: As you try to take him to where you want to go, he regards it as one of the disciplines That's why he starts a subtle fight with you "I don't wanna go to that side :)" Animal Behaviorist: If Sowon lays down and doesn't move, disappear from his sight, which will make him realize that bad things will happen when he lays down If he keeps resisting, Imma lay down here!!! Animal Behaviorist: leave the leash and go hide! (Turns) Sis is not here (What's going on now?) Where's my sister? Sowon~!
Sowon, come here! Imma be there soon Don't leave me alone ;( Whenever he becomes stubborn Sowon, stay alone  Imma leave (It's my fault) Wherever she goes, Imma be with her
-Sowon- Meanwhile, Shasha I wanna go home.  Open the door, please Vet: When dogs go outdoors Sniff they feel a sense of intellectual satisfaction by smelling something they don't usually smell But Shasha is an exception If she gets to smell a lot and hear strange noises now 'Gasps, what's this smell..?' she stops collecting information and becomes confused Because of her timid personality, Shasha was afraid to go outside Everything is first to her that she gets stressed a lot The world is such a headache "I'm afraid of the world outside" Animal Behaviorist: She'll get to move if she goes far enough and comes back to the place where she feels most comfortable and safe From the outside of a house Sniff A stroll begins and ends One more Build a homemade indoor playground Let her experience a lot in a space where she feels safe first! Guardian: I'll raise her in a way she likes In the best possible way, vary by each dog's personality, let's stroll happily together :) 