She is usuallly very calm Grandma: See when you try to hold her Grills Byul-ee's mood changes completely and becomes aggressive Can Byul-ee accept Grandma's touch in the end?! Grandma: this is our dummy Today's dummy (?) Byul-ee Byul-ee starts barking at the productoin crew Woof woof! Production crew: It's okay, it's okay Grandma: Good girl, who tried to hurt Byul hmm? Grandma's touch calms her down Production crew: How old is she? Grandma: She's 8 or 9, I'm not sure haha Grandma is in her 80s, Byul-ee is like a granddaughter to her She barks hiding behind the grandma Production crew: Oh, she pooped Byul has made a mistake Grandma: She's just scared, even though it's nothing! 
She runs away when I hold a broomstick to clean She is afraid of anything and is also very timid Aigo, Let's get you cleaned. No? You gon bite me? You need to be cleaned woof woof woof Grandma: She's too scared, I can't clean her. She sits on the bed just like that and I have to wash the duvet every time. sigh Byul acts charmingly soon after Grandma: Are you scared? 
Production crew: What is this? 
Grandma: You can touch like this Grandma picks up a wet tissue again Grandma: Let's clean you up WOOF! Byul-ee becomes violent and bites grandma's hand Grandma: She bites with all her strength. It really hurt. I couldn't use my hand Production crew: Oh, really? 
Grandma:. Yes, so I can't with her. I ... Jeez, this hurts Grandma: I couldn't clean her, I'll have to let it dry and like, disappear itself Grandma: You hurt me. here! Grandma's hurt, what are you going to do now? She knows her fault, she looks remorseful Grandma: What? Unlike her violent self 2 mins ago, she approaches Grandma first Grandma: You want me to do this? Byul wants her grandma to pat her Production crew: What? 
Grandma: she asks me to do this.. Grandma: She grills when I do, but she still asks Grandma: You can touch up to this point. 
Production crew: Oh, the head and the back? Grandma: Yes, but if you go lower, if you touch the belly Gnarls Byul-ee is very sensitive about touching lower part of her body Even though she is in a good mood, if her butt is touched she will express her anger violently Grandma: This happens when I touch her belly. I can't bathe her. I can't even hold her. Grandma: If I try to hold her, this happens... Grandma: So I can't hold her. 
Production crew: With both hands
Grandma: No. I can only touch her with one hand. If I use both hands... Grandma: She does that. Byul-ee does not let grandma touch her butt, but she loiters around grandma all the time Grandma: I'll still have her. I'd be bored if she's not around. hahaha and I've been taking care of her for 8 years Grandma prepares a special meal for Byul Grandma: Do you want meat? Byul, do you want meat? Grandma: This is Byul's favorite Production crew: Byul likes it the most? 
Grandma: Yes, breast Grandma takes a bite Grandma: Mm~ Yummy! Byul takes a bite Grandma has given so much affection Grandma is sad that Byul isn't allowing her to hold her ... Grandma: When I was in the hospital, I really missed her 
Production crew: Oh, yeah? Grandma: I wondered what she was doing alone. so I talked to the doctor and came home to visit her Byul has become a big part of grandma's life, she even visited Byul from the hospital Grandma wants Byul to be in the rest of her life Next day Byul and grandma is waiting at the door Grandma: Auntie is here. Auntie! Auntie! Byul is welcoming auntie brightly Byul says hi Production crew: Hi
Grandma's daughter: HI She acts all charming, and sticks to the grandma's daughter She may allow her to touch her bum..? NOPE, no exception Grandma's daughter: I found her in a box in front of a grocery store in December. It was freezing cold. Grandma's daughter: She was a month old.. so I asked my mum if she wants to take care of it, and she said yes. That's how Byul became a family Grandma's daughter: This is when we first brought him home 
Production crew: Aigo, so tiny! 9 years ago, Grandma's pet passed away, and byul is felt like a gift to her Grandma has decided to raise this abandoned dog Byul-ee with all her heart And she has raised her with so much love so far, but now she is worried more and more about Byul... Animal behaviorist: In her life, has she had any scars or injuries in her bottom part? Grandma's daughter: Yes, one. Grandma: When she was neutered ... Animal behaviorist: Neutralisation? 
Grandma's daughter: Yes, she had undergone the operation. Something went wrong so the vet came to the house and treated her Animal behaviorist: Currently, she is not in pain. But, she is not letting the memory of the pain go Touching her head is fine as nothing had happened Grandma: But when i'm touching the lower part ... The reason why Byul-ee was so sensitive at touching her bum is because of the memory from the past! Animal behaviorist: She does trust you. But the trauma of the pain in the past overrides the trust Animal behaviorist: Dogs like Byul-ee. When she bit grandma. Their reaction is so predictable. Grandma: You hurt grandma! Animal behaviorist: After she bit her grandma... then she'll realise that she bit GRANDMA Animal behaviorist: We need to replace her memory of pain with something new, 
to make her believe that it doesn't hurt anymore A training has started to make her realise that the touch will not harm her As Byul-ee scares easily, she is already not liking it Muzzle is put to protect both Byul and the Grandma Next step Animal behaviorist: Drag her butt and put her on your lap Grandma: Come on up Byul started gnarling when grandma touches her bum Grandma is not scared of Byul-ee grilling, and she keep patting her Animal behaviorist: So far, she still thinks that she is in pain when you touch her butt The key is to remove the false pain that is only in Byul-ee's memory Grandma rubs Byul's belly Animal behaviorist: Look at her ears. They are all flattened. It wasn't like that at first Grandma's daughter: Oh, is folded ears bad? 
Anima behaviorist: it means she's nervous Byul looks much comfier with his ears flattened Animal behavirist: Firstly, you need to gain more confidence. You need to move around more In order to boost Byul's change, Grandma need to ease fear of Byul Grandma couldn't hold Byul out of fear of getting bitten Animal behaviorist: Drop everything, hold her and come here As Byul is relaxed, grandma picks her up confidently Grandma's daughter: Good girl~ Grandma's daughter: Good girl
Grandma: First time in 8 years! Grandma holds Byul for the first time in 8 years Production crew: How is it to hold her? 
Grandma: It's warm. I could hold her while sleeping if it's cold haha Byul and Grandma shares their warmth Animal behaviorist: She needs to be reminded that your touch is not bad and is not going to hurt her. 
We can change her memory, but she will realise that she is not feeling any pain Grandma: It's first time to let her on my lap too! hahaha Slowly, takin goff the muzzle.. Byul doesn't look bothered even though grandma's touching her! Animal behaviorist: it can't be changed completely in a day. Now grandma can hold her, true. She feels less fearsome of others touching her belly and her bottom. With constriuctive training, Byul will get better and better Grandma: Wow~ I've learn so much today. I will train him well as i learned today and i shall keep this one til i die hahaha hahaha Kritter Klub wishes this friendship will last forever and the very best on their future together 