One countryside with clean water and good site Lady: Henlo! I’m Mongryong Lee, and I’m her son! It’s good to have you at our home… welcome~ Lovely Mongryong with good dognality welcomes the unfamiliar production crew with his charms We wonder what could go wrong in such a peaceful country life but… Says there’s been an unexpected concern recently Lady: Mongryong~ snackie! But at that very moment! One cat popped out of nowhere Lady: Hey, hey this is Mongryong’s snack… why’d you come..! Not only does the cat intrude into a stranger’s house, but also tries to steal the house owner’s snacks… Eventually, caught by the lady, she gets kicked out. Yet Lady: No!!! Who is this cat..? Lady: An uninvited guest that popped out of the blue. She’s a young cat that rocked up one day Lady: Hurry on! Let’s go!! Go now~ Even to the lady’s rejection, she stands firmly not wanting to go Lady: She’s completely giving ‘sue me’ attitude… what am I supposed to do.? Cat “I ain’t leaving…” “What are you gonna do…” Lady: Other stray cats don’t let you come near… but this fella comes hearing my voice so comes right into my arms… she was like this from the beginning. Producer: Since the first encounter? Lady: Yes What was so dumbfounding was that since the first day this fella came to the lady’s house she burrowed into her arms as if she has known the lady for years She’s so social that she acts charming even to the production crew whom she has met for the first time Lady: She clings even to the production crew… she’s such as social butterfly… But, there was a reason why she was concerned for this fella It’s due to her leg… For some reason, her right foreleg is crushed beyond recognition Lady: The reason why I can’t coldheartedly kick her out is cuz… even when she first started coming she came with her leg hurt… like this She couldn’t shoo the cat away even though she was so dumbfounded due to the cat’s audacity to act as if she’s been living here all along, popped out of nowhere, was due to her crushed leg. The lady feeds her whenever she comes by Lady: Okay! Sigh, alright. You have one, too… here’s some She eats well of what the lady feeds her Lady: Mongryong, you want one too~? Mongryong spits his snacks back out as if he’s not fond of the uninvited guest Lady: He (Mongryong) has a memory of being bitten by a different cat… Producer: Mongryong? Lady: He was bitten twice… he’s was the one who went at the cat and got bitten… I already have a fear for cats from the memory of being bitten by a stray cat Seeing a stranger cat lying down on her back in my yard makes me angry Ally appears Granny: Our Mongryong’s so pretty~ a cutie~ you’re a cutie~ Anyhoo, she’s so brazen to even steal food on top of stealing snacks After finishing up all the food… Naturally heads for Mongryong’s house… Mongryong’s just dumbfounded Lady: Introverted Mongryong can’t even stop her, so he’d get so stressed out, right? He would… On the contrary, optimistic cat Granny: Get out! Why are you intruding into a stranger’s house!! Get out! Granny: Wow, she won’t even budge, get out! No matter how much she yells at her, she won’t move a finger Since she won’t listen she tries to urge her with a mini dustpan Eventually, she runs away Lady: It’s troublesome… she comes back after I kick her out, she’s so shameless… This brazen cat who seems to be not wary of people Perhaps there’s someone who knows about her? Resident: I think it’s been about half a month… it hasn’t been long. There are many stray cats you know. But I’ve never seen one with a hurt leg. Resident 2: It hasn’t been long since I started seeing her around. There are a few (various) cats roaming around but… she (that cat) started showing up recently… It hasn’t been long since she rocked up in the village, and the village residents are just as confused as we are about this mysterious cat with a crushed leg That afternoon Lady: See you later~ After everyone’s gone… Mongryong’s home alone Right when he was about to fall asleep..! The fella appeared Still shameless to head straight for Mongryong’s food bowl Uhm… what the heck…? He lets out the anger he has endured Yet… She heads into Mongryong’s house again as if teasing him… Bold So pitiful… he is… Thanks to (?) Mongryong, she takes a good nap in a while Right when he waited solely for the lady to return..! Footsteps of the lady that he’s been so long waited Lady: Waited for mommy? Ta-da Lady: She’s been here??? Lady: Shall we head in now? To the warm room? Yeah~ shall we head in? She brings Mongryong inside who must’ve shivered outside in the cold The cat follows  them inside in a blink Mongryong’s about to go mad Alas he shows his teeth and barks at her loudly Whether he barks or not, she doesn’t seem to be willing to move out of the house Lady: He’s always the one who gets angry by himself and makes a fuss… Eventually, before anything happens she kicks out the fella Lady: This is why I can’t let her in, because then she’ll be like this (with Mongryong) throughout the night She wants to let her inside the house but as they don’t get along she has no choice Next day morning As if she’s forgotten she’s been kicked out last night, she goes inside the house naturally since morning Meanwhile, the lady prepares food and medicine to feed her She feeds the cat medicine she’s gotten prescribed from the hospital to prevent any further infection The lady never forgets to feed her food and medicine Lady: About… a year and a half ago… There was a (baby) cat trapped inside a waterway, a ditch… and I rescued the kitten who seemed about a month old… that kitten was black Lady: So over there where it’s frozen… there was a water pipe sticking out
Perhaps it’s the kitten from then… In the lady’s opinion, this cat who rocked up one day at the house acting charming might be the kitten she saved a year and a half ago Although there isn’t a way to check since it was long ago.. Lady: Once she’s back from the hospital, I should just take care of her like before… since there’s some fate of her coming out of her way to this house I’m thinking maybe she came to me to survive… Whether it’s that same fella from then or not, as they have developed this fate, she can’t just leave her be Lady: Kitty… Go and have a good treatment. I’m sorry I can’t go with you… As if she responds to the lady, she whimpers We’ll need to have her get the most worrisome leg checked first… Could we be able to know how her leg ended up like that.? Vet: In the case of this kind of necrosis… it often occurs due to hunting trap there are traces of scars from metal wires in the bones Her leg was probably necrotized due to being caught in a snare and as it hardened in that state it's unable to function anymore Vet: We’re in a situation where there’s no choice but to amputate the leg to prevent further infection in the upper part of the leg. After a difficult surgery, we met her again in the recovery room Unsure if whether she’s angry or she’s glad to see us but… She still doesn’t avoid our touch and welcomes us Vet: Since she has lost her leg function and as she couldn’t survive through fierce competition against other stray cats or hunt It was probably her most appropriate survival tactics to approach people and behave in the way she could be loved and cared for Although she has lost a leg she has gained a reliable family… We’ll hope for the two to become besties… and will root for her happy future 