Production crew: Hello Informant: Hello Informant: Since I moved here, seems like she’s been roaming around whether it rains or snows and has a lump here, she doesn't look well Production crew: Huh? Over there A dog found soon after! It was the dog the informant was talking about As we approached cautiously… Yellow-furred dog leaves the scene while being wary Production crew: She’s running away… Wondered where she went, but without being able to run away too far, looking at the production crew… goes back to that same spot and lies down Sitting in front of a house blankly… stares at the alley endlessly… Village resident: This house, the house with the blue doors, she belongs to the owner of the house But, the owner’s not there right now Production crew: So she’s guarding the place although the owner’s absent? Village resident: Yes. The owner of the house passed away on the first of January… As the owner who lived with her passed away the dog left alone is guarding the empty house, roaming around the village… She hid, hiding away from people Production crew: Not here Where we followed her, there was a house hidden behind the bushes It’s the house that we’ve been informed of as the house with blue doors that the dog lived with her owner but, looks as if it hasn’t been occupied for a while filled with overgrown grass and silence without any sense of presence An empty house… in a distance, the yellow-furred dog sits As if she’s been determined for something, she suddenly moves It seemed as if she’s going to go outside going up the wall that connects the neighbor’s house Perhaps she has somewhere to go the villagers said she often roams around the village as if she’s looking for something Village resident: It’s always this path. She visits the cigarette store and here… She always comes here and waits. Here and over there. Oh, she came out. Look, she’s over there It transpired that where she visits are the places that her owner went regularly… Village resident: She came by a while ago, too. She roams around and comes by again and again Resident: Must be going around, looking for her owner That’s why she goes around visiting every place the owner often visited. Every single day. Eventually, came back to the house The yellow-furred dog who wouldn’t know the owner has passed away… waits by herself all alone in front of the house until the sun sets The yellow-furred dog received loads of love from her owner always tagging along with the owner, guarded the owner’s side like a shadow Whenever her owner went in somewhere to take care of some business… no matter how long it took, she never left Her love toward the owner was already well-known around the village Village resident: The owner ran a drugstore but, that dog, she was shivering and scratching the door notifying her owner’s ill She’s very smart. You wouldn’t believe it Village resident: So once the owner was drunk and fell asleep on the street. But waking up, he found her guarding him by his side. So they were so fond of each other. Protecting each other… they were dear friends to each other It seems she’s unable to easily accept the fact that the owner passed away… That afternoon Production crew: Over there, she’s inside on the left. Sitting alone inside the deserted house, she wouldn’t budge again As the time passed, she strode towards the door taking a spot where she can see the gate, looks out the window The sun sets and as if she’s looking for the traces of the mister that has lost its warmth she stays near the shoes for a while She stays for a bit in front of the clothes that have the owner’s scents This time, moving to the room takes a spot as usual The only thing she’s able to do in an empty house is waiting Next day, a man goes inside the house as if familiar The production crew followed behind him quickly Production crew: Who are you… (associated with?) Son: The owner of this house, it’s where my father used to live. I’m the son. Production crew: What’s the name of the dog? Son: Boksil He says her name is Boksil Even when the owner’s son approaches, she leaves the scene abruptly The son who lives in a different city due to work comes every weekend to take care of Boksil Son: When my father wasn’t doing well… even during those times, she was by his side like that… My father loved his dog and I think he also even relied on her She’s someone who’s been a big strength to the father on behalf of the son who lived elsewhere Son: Come here He tried to take Boksil with him, but she even refuses to be touched by the son Although he can’t do anything else but to see her from a distance he cannot let Boksil stay in the empty house like this For her sake whose lump on her neck is growing, we decided to try rescuing her We decided to rescue her by blocking the passage, tending her to one side… Rescue team: Is she there? Rescue team: Yeah, she’s here. Please calm her The son goes in, cautiously Yet! As if she has surrendered, Boksil stands without strength on her spot Rescue team: The dog’s demure~ Rescue team: She stays still? Son: When she has somewhere to escape she avoids people but since right now it’s been blocked, I think she’s staying still Production crew: How long has it been since the last time you pat her? Son: It’s been at least a few months Production crew: Oh, really? Unlike how we thought, she’s so demure… Hearing the news, all the village residents came by Village resident: Boksil. Go and live with a warm and loving family, okay? Argh, how did you end up in a house without an owner… Ugh, Boksil… my heart rends… The residents who’ve watched around Boksil are just full of sorrow and pity Resident: Became very fond of her. Really really, a lot Resident: It’s my first time patting her. What to do? I don’t think I can send her Boksil who waited for her owner who wouldn’t be able to come back to her but, now she has to leave this house for a new start Village resident: Go somewhere nice and live well~ It’s time to leave her house she’s grown attached to She tries not to move easily... TwT Like that, the first stop we went to is the hospital The lump on the right side of the neck was the most worrisome… A thorough examination was proceeded to check if there are any issues Vet: We took some blood tests and stuff and right now she has some heartworms but, the thing (lump) on her neck doesn’t seem to be malignant It won’t be too late to eliminate it later once Boksil is treated (for heartworms) and recovers Fortunately, once she’s done with the heartworm treatment, she can have an operation! Well done all these times… Boksil Vet: She might go back to where she lived… and become insecure and hurt I think it might be good for her to go where Boksil could be well taken care of Hearing the circumstances the son’s in, unable to raise Boksil due to personal issues a training center rendered help Production crew: Hello Staff: Hello They have decided to take care of Boksil until she finds a lifelong family Will she be able to do well here? Training center staff: Right now, Boksil has some painful memories. Also, she has some health issues so we’d play with her every day and walk her We’ll do our best so she could be fully recovered by the time of her adoption. Taking a bath washing away everything Staff: Boksil, you like it? She stays demure despite the staff being strangers to her. She couldn’t be more demure For her who might find the farewell with her owner hard, brought her regular blanky As she smells something familiar, Boksil seems to be more relaxed Having mixed feelings, both proud of Boksil for waiting for his late father and apologetic for not being able to become her family til the end… Although they can no longer be together, he hopes she’ll be happy with a loving family… Boksil, don’t wait now and be happy… Your owner will be wishing for that, too in the heaven 