‘Bokgil’ the dog who refuses owners’ hands for over a year and a half Will Bokgil be able to open up his heart to his family..? Bokgil’s papa: Bokgil~ Bokgil’s papa: Bokgil! As his owner calls his name, Bokgil freezes Even trembles like a leaf Bokgil’s papa: I won’t. No, I won’t, come here. It’s okay~ When he tries to approach him, he’s busy avoiding him insecurely Shivering… Bokgil’s papa: I’m not going to hurt you~ come here He trembles in fear, scared to death as if he'd suffered from something bad! Bokgil’s papa: Okay, go, go! Ohhhhhh Only thing he did was approach him and say a few words, but Bokgil’s extremely startled Bokgil’s papa: Go! I won’t Bokgil’s papa: Haven’t been able to hold him once. This fella. Bokgil’s mama: For over a year and a half doesn’t let us touch him. Since he runs away even if we want to pet him, we can’t… Why does Bokgil tremble upon seeing his owners, not letting them by his side..? Bokgil’s mama: Aww~ pretty. Awwie, no, no! Bokgil’s mama: If we can go on a stroll or something that would be so great… But since he’s so scared he can’t come to people… If it wasn’t for the leash, Bokgil would have run away already Bokgil’s mama: Bokgil! Bokgil, come here~ Even to her sweet voice, scared of something he’s totally frozen Today again, treated poorly by Bokgil, the lady steps back and watches him from afar Bokgil’s mama: Seeing him like that I’d think he would approach but… Hoping he’d accept them, they've been roaming around Bokgil every now and then! But even upon hearing the owners’ footsteps, Bokgil is on guard Trembling in fear and terror What’s so fearful and scary about his family he’s lived with for a year and a half..? To open up Bokgil’s heart, the owner couple has put countless efforts for the past year and a half Bokgil’s mama: No, now~ Bokgil, have some! It’s hot Even with scrumptious food, Bokgil wouldn’t budge Bokgil’s mama: Bokgil, I’ll leave it here! Approaching him, again he runs away quickly No matter how tasty the food, seems like he won’t eat what the owner gives him Bokgil’s mama: Oh, okay~ Okay! Okay! Here, here! I’ll leave it there! Smacks his lips, but doesn’t come near Bokgil just waits until the owner lady disappears from his sight Even then for a long while, can’t put his guard down The owner lady doesn’t have any choice but to look at him from afar Production crew: Why are you watching him from here? Bokgil’s mama: I mean, he can only eat when (I’m) not there So that’s why he’s staring this way, there As if he doesn’t even like being watched from afar, Bokgil doesn’t let his guard down regarding the owner couple until the end Bokgil’s mama: The food is intriguing to him but… For Bokgil who wouldn’t let down his guard, the owner lady leaves the scene How long must have passed, he begins to move bit by bit! Holding his breath, becomes wary of his surroundings and approaches the bowl carefully, crawling Bokgil’s mama: Oh, he’s eating now… Bokgil fills up his stomach wolfing down the food in an insecure posture ready to take off At that moment, as if startled by something he crouches Due to fear and anxiety that overpowers him in any time, he isn’t able to have even one meal peacefully Bokgil’s papa: He really worries us Cuz no matter how much we show affection towards him or feed him meat, he’s still like that… Bokgil’s mama: I mean, can’t do anything. Even if we go to his side, he runs away So since he’s so scared, there’s nothing we could do for him No matter how much they offer their hands or try talking to him, Bokgil wouldn’t open up Overshadowing the saying that goes time heals all From the first day they met until now, he has been unchangingly avoiding the owner couple! Bokgil’s papa: Bokgil, at a near region by he was caught in a snare rescued him and brought him to our place… An abandoned dog in a terrible appearance found in the mountain behind the village Witness: Here! Production crew: Here? The fella who was dying caught in a snare was Bokgil! Witness: He was like this (caught in a snare) Since it (snare) was so big with such a tiny leg of his, he couldn’t get out He couldn’t budge Caught in a snare, he wasn’t able to budge, covered in blood Rescued such fella and gone through several operations, but eventually, lost one of his foot Unable to send the pitiful fella back onto the streets, the owner couple have embraced him as their family But perhaps due to having experienced such a terrible thing he couldn’t shake off the fear and terror even towards the owner couple who helped him… They’ve waited and waited, but even after a year and a half Bokgil doesn’t seem to get any better Bokgil’s papa: Bokgu was an abandoned dog, too but for him maybe a month or a month and a half? (He was wary) but after then started getting along well with us… He would wag his tail and greet us Despite Bokgu also being once an abandoned dog, becoming his family wasn’t this hard Production crew: This fella (Bokgu) loves it? Bokgil’s papa: Yes, this one~ frantic, frantic, he loves it so much! Rather, since Bokgu came to this house, he’s become brighter Bokgil’s papa: Aw, feeling great? If he was like this.. If Bokgil is like this, how great would that be Bokgil’s mama: Aww~ pretty. Come here. Bokgil, oh oh oh! But if they take a step forward, Bokgil takes two steps backward Since they know better than anyone the painful and difficult times he spent on the streets, they put as much effort as they can, but doesn’t work Bokgil’s papa: Don’t just crouch there, just once… Come here, let’s go! Let’s go~ Tries to close the distance, but Bokgil struggles, scared to death Bokgil’s papa: I won’t~ I won’t~ Just sit Like an impregnable fortress, Bokgil has built a wall in his heart and refuses everything Due to the struggle continuing more than a year and a half, rather than feeling sad, the owner just feels pitiful and heavy Even to the owner couple who saved him and put their best effort into him, he has closed the door to his heart What did he go through on the streets..? - To be continued in part 2- 