One peaceful grocery store Meanwhile when clerks are on hard-work mode Huh?? Things in your hand are what I think I know, right..? There they are! There, there Working hard on catching something They're sparrows..!? Wait, what are sparrows doing in the grocery store? Clerk: Sigh, those dem sparrows are driving me crazy It's been 3 months. They don't leave at all like that Sparrows who are supposed to be outside Lez eat up Hydrating is a must Been living in the grocery store for 3 months so far Mom, sparrow! Uh, there There! Hella popular among customers Yet.. You can see poops here like this It's killing the hell out of the grocery clerks Clerk: Even I would be hesitant to buy things if they got feces on them It's upsetting 'cause I got another work to do On top of their busy schedule, another task cleaning the sparrows' poops is added How did these fellas get into the grocery store? When we were bringing the sacks of rice down They burst a bit at that time Just like other days they were moving the sacks of rice into the store Rice inside came out a bit Right on time, sparrows came in As a customer enters,
two sparrows move in lol The door's always open for them leave whenever they want But they won't.. Lulu-lala (Not) (a doll)
As if keeping distance with people They'd be left unnoticed if they don't make troubles There they are, there Crew: Where? There, there Sigh, seriously.. How you like that? A chase begins again They're so fast.. I mean it.. You guys are slow :) Customer: The sparrows are running away like playing tag (Cursing with eyes) Sigh, I can't catch them I feel like they're getting me Anyone who catch the sparrows would get a day-off But no one has caught them yet Bananas are $2 now, but Everything's free if you get us a sparrow A surprise(?) event lol Imma catch sparrows and gon' get bananas! (Customer) I've been just literally working out now.. I've been just literally working out now.. I'm so exhausted It'd be more or them.. It'd be either me quitting my job or them leaving the store Emergency meeting Hey, why not throwing a cast net A cast net? Place food in one spot and throw a cast net when they come to get it Capture sparrows 
Plan A : Throwing a cast net A basket would be the best to catch them Capture sparrows 
Plan B : Shut them up in a basket Sigh That's not gonna work  Sigh That doesn't make sense Dude, I can't make heads or tails of this nonsense Said there's a brilliant way to catch the sparrows You know the kaoliang liquor Huh? Try Plan A first When the sparrows come to eat food Thud! But.. (Super) (Comfy) Failed because they didn't come Switch to Plan B right away Pull a basket down with a rope When they come to eat food Soon after The sparrows turn up and go near the basket Everyone, hold your breath..! To be continued in part 2 