Daughter: Henlo~~ This is our doggo, Byul.. Our cutie-pie As soon as she greets us, Byul rushes over to somewhere In the corner of a room, just peeking out her head.. What is she trying to do..? Getting a closer look at her, she’s struggling on her tippy toes Though she keeps on sliding tries to get up on the bed desperately Looks as if she’s about to lose her breath… Daughter: Wondering what the cause is… only if we can know the cause No matter how much she tries to climb up, she’s left on the same spot Been reported she’s been showing strange behaviors that they don’t know the reason to.. Whether the seam gets caught in her paw or not, Byul just focuses on trying to climb up Should be getting out of breath to give up But for some reason, she is stubborn in trying to just climb up the bed Once started, an endless obsession that has no stopping, trying to get up on the bed As if she’s hanging, the two paws grabbing the sheets tightly… What we saw underneath her paw were bloodstains. Mom: What to do with you… You’re bleeding… Bleeding… I don’t know what to do with you… Scratched her nails so much they fell off PD: She doesn’t have a nail..? Did it fall out..? Mom: Her nails all fell off… because she kept trying to go up… Mom: All this is Byul’s blood… She hasn’t just done this once or twice, but it’s been continuing. This is from over the last two days. Yesterday and the day before. Mom: Even if we go to the hospital and get the treatment, she does it again and again and repeats the cycle… She must have exerted all her strength… her legs shake even when she stays still. Mom: She keeps on showing these symptoms every day… If she starts doing this once in the morning then she repeats it throughout the afternoon. Mom: Byul, Byul!! Byul, Byul!! Despite trying to hold and stop her, since she shakes off and acts the same way, there’s nothing they can do Is it simply because she wants to get up on the bed..? Mom: Byul… you wanna go up? Okay… Sigh, Byul, go up! Mom: She doesn’t even try to actually get up on the bed… Mom: Okay okay, let me lift you! Even if she gets on the bed, Byul jumps down right away And again, tries to climb up, holding onto the bedsheets The number of times keeps increasing and though she’s almost worn out, doesn’t stop Mom: Sigh… What should we do with our Byul… Mom: When her body temperature increases… she gets shocked so we have to bathe her with cold water… only then would the heat cool down… Due to her restless effort, her entire body is burning Like this, they have to repeat the cycle countless times in a day Suspecting maybe it’s due to obsession over a certain space, we tried closing the bedroom door This time she tries to climb up the bed in the room on the other side Is it an obsession over bed..? Mom: Why are you like this… our Byul!! Sigh… Seriously!! Why are you acting like this… When we follow her when she disappears, as expected shows abnormal behavior This time, it’s the bookcase… Daughter: It scares me really… she… she’s like a completely different dog as if she’s possessed… Her eyes staring somewhere blankly From her eyes, we can see her anxiousness clearly Restlessly teeter-tottering back and forth.. At last, she now even tries to climb up the wardrobe..! Out of pity, her owner embraces and comforts her, but she droops down without any strength in her body Mom: How painful must it be for her… When I see her, I feel so bad and my heart rends When did she begin showing this continuous abnormal behavior? Daughter: It’s been over 3 months. In our previous house before we moved, she didn’t show these symptoms, and thought she’s just sensitive… we thought she’s just sensitive as to wake up in the middle of the night, but after moving to this house, she started to show severe symptoms climbing up the walls. Mom: Okay~ Byul… meat… oh you don’t want it… when she’s in this state, she wouldn’t eat for anything In times like this, Byul even refuses her favorite meat Both have become extremely exhausted Yet When she’s outside, she runs around actively, as if she’s never been exhausted Mom: When she’s outside she never… shows any anxiety or anything like that. She’s very active, runs around well Mom: Go home~ We have to go home Seemed to be going well, but runs away Mom: She’s trying not to go back inside… Mom: Let’s go let’s go let’s go… let’s go home… What is it that’s making Byul shake with anxiety in this house? Vet: Stress… When extreme stress is involved or when it has to do with fear… when she reaches that then the abnormal behaviors that she can’t control… unexpected various behaviors can be shown. Byul is currently under an overwhelming amount of stress Vet: She has sensed a change right now Looking closely at Byul’s actions, she seems to be staring at something, pricking up her ears Vet: ‘Reacting to sound’. That’s what her actions are conveying What kind of sounds are annoying Byul’s ears? Is it the sound of the cars driving on a highway? We decided to measure the surrounding noise around the apartment with an expert Sound of a jet measured at home Sound of a jet measured on the roof Then to which sound is Byul reacting sensitively? Expert: Cicada sound is something the human ear can pick up very well While humans are sensitive to high pitched cicada sound that delivers 3,000 to 5,000 tremors per second Expert: In contrast, dogs are more sensitive to the sounds of a jet, an airplane, or an engine that has about 1,000 to 2,000 Hertz. This is due to the different auditory characteristics of humans compared to dogs… Dogs are sensitive to the slow and low jet engine sounds of a thousand tremors per second... Producer: Do jets fly over this place? Mom: Oh, I think about 5~6 times a day Husband: Close to where we are is an airforce airfield… It turns out near the apartment was a track where the jets flew by What kind of reaction will Byul show to an airplane sound? Vet: When she hears the sound of an airplane, her heartbeat is very irregular and very fast. But once the sound stops, her heartbeat is coming back to normal slowly Byul feels anxious especially to the sound of an airplane Perhaps she has a bad memory related to airplane sound? Daughter: My mom wasn’t home for about a week. So… the house was empty… My dad and I were off to work… and when I came home from work… she was doing that… that was her second time… Vet: On top of the newly changed environment, the thundering noise she never felt before. And plus no guardian. This is epic. Because of that, compared to other places, other dogs, and etc. she can feel it twice or three times as much. Due to the trauma then, she’s still shaking in fear of the airplane sound… Daughter: Byul… this is our home… This is Byul’s home… Without knowing the background the family urged the abnormal behavior… Feeling apologetic… Mom: Thinking that her symptoms were due to fear, I feel sorry towards Byul. I’m sorry for her and need to love her more To reduce the sound of the jet, closed the soundproof window tightly No more living on an open chair Daughter: If you’re scared, sleep in here~ A new house that can embrace her cozily whenever Byul feels scared..! Mom: Didn’t know she’d love it so much… For some time, the guardian decided to work together with Byul to change her traumatic times into fun times by repeating games that she loves the most or going on a stroll whenever Byul hears the sound of a jet Daughter: Although we love our Byul so much now already, we’re going to love her even more and treat her so she can be recovered 