An ordinary cargo truck parked on a street There is a cat roaming around the truck She is wary of people passing by But still, she'd stay next to the truck Under the truck, there is cat food someone must've prepared Local: Perhaps the owner of the truck gives out food... Local: I think the cat belongs to the owner of the truck Is the owner of the truck really the guardian of this cat? Production crew: Do you know the owner of this truck?
Local: I don't know. He must've gone out for business Local: I'm not sure, this truck had been parked here for some time. About 15 days? A month? Allegedly, this truck's been parked here for long At that time, someone brought food to the truck Production crew: Hello, this is Kritter Klub
Ma'am: Oh yes, hi Production crew: Are you the owner of this truck? 
Ma'am: Yes Production crew: Is that cat your cat? 
Ma'am: No, I don't raise her. She's a stray cat For 13 days, my husband couldn't use this truck because of her Because of this cat, the couple couldn't drive this truck The reason why they gave up on the truck and took care of the cat is... because there were kittens on the truck! The reason why the cat roamed around the truck, was because of the kittens, too! Ma'am: My husband took the truck to work, and got a call that there are 4 kittens on the truck Mister came back home hurriedly and put the kittens down However, they'd come back to the cargo truck Ma'am: That's been repeated 5 times. Exactly 5 times They moved the truck around Nevertheless, the kittens were back on the cargo truck by the morning Ma'am: The kittens took away our truck haha. Please help us get that truck back~ She couldn't kick the younglings out on the street
so she reported to us Firstly, we decided to observe the day of the cat Soon, the cat showed up She jumps up on the truck and observes around And get into the box where kittens are She's wary of the camera As the production crew approaches to adjust the camera location The cat hisses Perhaps this truck is the best place for parenting chosen by the cat However There are always uninvited guests She blocks the stranger cat and guards the truck The mother cat shooed away the stranger cat and came back to the truck Yet, there shows up another uninvited guest The mother cat leaves the truck again Ma'am: Every night, cats cry and fight. It gets so noisy The mother cat is on guard all day to protect the kittens At dawn The mister leaves home early in the morning Mister: I really need the truck today. I was thinking if I should take the kittens with me or not. Production crew: You're concerned Mister: Yes, I don't want other stray cats to bother the cat... The mother cat isn't here... Production crew: It's more concerning to put the box here as the mother cat isn't here Mister:Yes, she's gone somewhere... In the end
The mister took the kittens to work Just in case the kittens get hungry, he brought milk It's milk. Just in case they get hungry 
Production crew: You're feeding them milk? Aha Mister: Yes. They are guests in my house, they shouldn't starve. Let's eat~ I think they want their mother.. Without mother, the kittens refuse food The mister had to come back home early The mother cat was waiting for the kittens She takes care of the kittens The problem is... Mister: Soon, I have to take my truck somewhere for a long time I'm not sure what to do with the kittens
I need to find the way Korean Animal Welfare Association is on the way to help him Rescue team: Hello~ Oh~ little kittens! How adorable Whilst the cat is breastfeeding them, it's better for them to be together For kittens to grow healthily before adoption, they have to be with their mommy We decided to rescue the cat and the kittens together Ma'am: I feel sorry. I'm sorry that I couldn't take better care of them I hope they meet nice guardian and live happily When we were waiting for the mother cat to show up She shows up! Rescue team: She's here In this crucial moment... A stray cat appeared! Mother cat is flustered She jumps up on the truck to draw attention yet, the stray cat still enters in Mother cat goes in to protect her kittens The stray cat exits Rescue team: Hey, don't block the door Rescue team: We'll close the door Rescue team: Okay!! The mother cat and kittens are rescued safely! We took them to the animal hospital to check on their health Vet examines them Vet: Oh, so pretty! Judging by itsit's size and how it moves itsit's legs, I think they are about a month old Kitten: Thank yo doctor~ Vet: Let's see... Ears are so clean! Are you sure you're a stray kitten? After kittens' examination It's time for the cat's examination Vet: There is no problem with the mother  cat I guess she's a little skinny as she's breastfeeding, but other than that she's healthy As per kittens, one of the 4 kittens' growth is a little slow The three-coloured female one only weighs 70% of other kittens Other than that, there is no other notes The doctor will treat their eye infections We're proud that the mother cat took such good care of her kittens on a cargo truck We hope they meet a good guardian in near future! 