(Owner): Since a few days ago, someone's been snooping around Like a thief(?), wanders here and there.. That, That, THAT
She's the one~ A snoop was a dog..? There's no one right..? Looking around Been studying surroundings for a while and Enters The Warehouse Found ya! Taken by surprise
as the warehouse is opened She runs away in such a hurry "C'mon, Come over here, it's alright~" Nope it's not  alright! And inside where she entered with such vigilance Found five baby pups in a box in the corner of the warehouse "Woah~ they're so well grown?" Chubby Chubby Has she been secretly parenting in the warehouse? 'When are you comin' mommy?' As much as the dog is super cautious,
(+Observation Cam) We first decided to watch from a distance.. As time passes by, Wary Wary Scuffles- Cautious Cautious After she's sure about no one's around (Suckling Suckling)she starts to breastfeed her kids.. Resident: She's in no one's care, that's why she's wandering about Been comin' around here for three months, but never seen her going back home However, Even in the middle of taking care of the babies, Jump! She comes up to the road from time to time A long stare into the abyss... roaming around here and there (Observes traffic signal) She keeps on walking about the road Carefully stepping behind her.. You bothersome Broadcast fellas!! (Gone) (Gone..?) The dog just vanished into the thin air.. :'( The best thing a Kritter Klub PD does 
is 'waiting' LMAO (wipe tears) Where's mama again..? Soon after, Mother dog came back from a day-out There's another dog beside her?! Dumbfounded house owner: Who's that one? We built her a house, and she brought another one along Lovey Dovey To the puppy she brought along, She offers food that was her own Nom Nom and her wide-open arms Likey Likey Perhaps, he's the mother dog's another pup, besides the newborns? While we were asking around.. Resident: There were three of them that day, If one goes ahead, the next followed behind There was another one with them Haven't seen the dog for a few days.. There is another dog who 
had been with these two.. The only clue we have is, CCTV As a result by checking the CCTV surrounding the warehouse There was another Bakegu (white-furred dog) tagging along with them in the first place..? Curious about the trio? Find out in part 2! 