Production crew: Hello~ This family says they are full of concerns for their pet dog She’s so cute and adorable, what kind of issues could she have? Momma guardian: She’s acting sitting tightly as strangers are present Production crew: Acting? Momma guardian: Yes~ she’s good at it~ So, she’s claiming ‘Pri’ is acting to be a friendly dog… For the production crew who can’t believe it, she shows them a video In the video, Pri is nothing like how she is now..!! She bolts towards grandma like a mad bull Grandma: She changes abruptly and attacks like that. She does that often. Production crew: What’s the cause…? Grandma: There’s no reason~ She does that for no reason! Two-faced Pri changes abruptly for no reason reportedly! Meanwhile, one of the girls came home To her sister coming home, Pri greets her wagging her tail crazily
Sister guardian: Pri~ Even before putting her backpack down, she hugs her and kisses her Sister: I’ll be back, let me wash my hands~ A moment after the short greeting All of a sudden Pri bites her sister’s finger Production: Are you okay? Grandma: It’s bleeding again… Oh no, what to do… Grandma: It’s bleeding again… Oh no, what to do… Momma guardian: She loves you but you bite her… ugh, really Grandma: She’d greet her and after about 10 minutes she would change again What’s the issue wagging her tails one second welcoming her then attacking her the next second T.T Momma guardian: She asked once saying, “When will we be bandaid free?”. It was that severe The family says they’re always full of fresh cuts and scars due to Pri’s high-handedness! Sister: Come here Pri approaches her again, calm Sister: A second ago you bit me. You come to me again when I call? Huh? Pri’s oscillating behaviors…! What’s really up with her? Momma guardian: I just don’t know why. She plays well, laughs, and stuff then! Changes all of a sudden… Due to Pri’s whims, in and out of hell the family’s just frustrated… That night! Family: Grandpa’s home!! As grandpa enters Pri wags her tail drastically Grandma: She goes crazy when she sees grandpa… Pri’s favorite is said to be grandpa..! Production crew: So she’ll change her attitude soon towards grandpa as well? Momma guardian: No? Not to grandpa Reportedly she doesn’t get aggressive towards grandpa She sticks right next to him with her belly up Grandma: Wanna come to grandma? Come here~ Tries to talk to her but, let alone not coming to her, Pri becomes aggressive! And soon, she even turns her back to grandma T.T Pri growls at everyone that passes by grandpa Grandpa: You shouldn’t do that!!! Grandpa tries to stop her but, she disregards him and warns other people..!!! Momma guardian: I think it’s like, “Grandpa’s mine but why are you approaching him” whenever we get near him The family thinks she acts aggressively in order to hog grandpa to herself whom she loves the most Momma guardian: She’s hating it again..! And the guardians say there’s another issue Pri has It’s her issue with eating.! Production crew: This is Pri’s food? Grandma: She only eats like this… but even then, she spits everything back out… so I don’t know if she’ll eat it or not Production crew: So, she’s not eating at all?
Grandma: No, no Grandma: Pri~ want some snacks? Since she never wants to eat, they have to smudge it and served to her mouth Even then, she dodges and refuses it Without much choice, they feed her forcefully, but! she spits it back out Grandma: Since she came to our home, for about 5-6 months she ate a little bit, but after then she wouldn’t eat at all We tried starving her over 5 days to a week cause we heard they would eat after being starved for 3 days, but it didn’t work T.T Grandpa: Why won’t you eat Pri who’s been alright all along began to refuse to eat starting one day…! Grandma: If she’s a human she’d be able to say something and we’d understand why she’s not eating if it’s because her stomach hurts. Then we could give her meds but, she has to cause and even when we took her to the hospital they said she’s healthy… but, Pri wouldn’t eat anything… It’d be nice to know her feelings… T.T So, a professional came Jadie, the professional pet dog behaviorist Jady: Hello~ Jadie: Grandpa, can you come here and sit opposite me? First, she observes Pri and as always she naturally sits right next to grandpa Jadie: Do you see this? Do you see how she sticks her tongue out? Grandpa: She does that often Jadie: Oh, she does that often? Okay, so this means Pri is nervous and stressed She sticks her tongue out almost strangely often but it turns out it was all because she was stressed..! Grandma: Whenever she’d stick her tongue out, I thought she was thirsty so I would bring her water Jadie: See the thing is she’s already stressed and she has no thought of drinking water but since you insist her on drinking water… But, why is Pri so stressed out.. T.T Jadie: She needs personal time and a break time but you know, there are many of you. So even if each person pats her once from her perspective, she gets people’s attention over 5 times constantly… Excessive love is also toxic..! The entire family patting her and giving her attention became stressful for her and eventually, it led her to become aggressive Jadie: Other family members when they pass by (in front of Pri and grandma) they’d talk to grandpa and she thinks they’re interrupting their break so she acts in a way no one can pass by as a defensive mechanism Simply, it turns out she was signaling strongly that she wants to take a break! Jadie: The relationship between the family and Pri has been broken So, I think it’ll be important to recover the trust between her and the family by changing the way you express affection… They need to reduce excessive interest but needs to accommodate her needs And! Jadie: Grandpa is a good reward to her so when Pri behaves inappropriately grandpa will stand up and tell her “No, that’s a bad thing to do” with actions Grandpa has an important role! When Pri triest to attack other family members! Jadie: Grandpa, stand up Grandpa stands up leaving Pri’s side Jadie: That was great! You’ll let her know  “your favorite grandpa will leave you if you growl” It's to let her recognize her favorite granda whom she trusts and depends on will neglect her upon misbehaving Pri seems to be flustered Through repeated training, she finds stability gradually..! Next up, making her Pri-exclusive space that she needs Creating a cozy space for her as much as she didn’t have personal time until now! A moment later, she goes in on her own She takes a rest in her room just for her But, what about her refusing to eat.? Jadie: Once she finds stability and once her stress is relieved her appetite will be recovered She has to feel at ease to have an appetite! They’re told Pri will refuse food less naturally once she starts to feel at ease Grandpa: Now we should just let her be, just let her do her things Grandma: I’ll also be patient with her until she says let’s do something Now that they know the reason, wouldn’t she show changes once they become patient with her and wait? A few days later, good news arrived Pri finally started to eat on her own! Our family’s crying right now T.T It was a video of Pri eating food on her own..! They poured out their hearts which turned out to stress her out without them realizing It’s fortunate that they now understand Pri’s feelings and if they keep putting in the efforts to understand each other, wouldn’t they keep having spring in their family? 