Back then, We removed lumps from shark’s fins and made a prosthetic eye for an eyeless crocodile A Kritter Klub Original Series Animal Hospital for Tiny Animals This is Yochi (Cueless, 7 weeks old) (Hedgehog) Producer: He’s smelling you, doctor Choi Young Min, Vet: Don’t bite me They smell then bite Choi Young-Min, Vet: He’s got a skin disease, so as you can see due to bacterial infection, he’s lost a lot of spines in the middle The skin disease he's been suffering from since before adoption Vet: Check this upon adopting a hedgehog, If you stare in between the spines on the back If there’s something that squirms Then it’s mite infection Take note upon adoption Producer: Awwie sho cute Yochi: I ain’t cute Reckless 7-week-old hedgehog.. Vet: Although right now it’s covered with spines Vet: At birth, the spines are buried inside the body and soon after, pricks up one by one Baby hedgehogs that look so soft As time passes Becomes like a chestnut bur Here begins a hedgehog treatment! Choi Young-Min, Vet: He's got character Squeeze it (disinfectant) so it runs down Otherwise, it won’t reach under the spines, the medicines So after doing this... (Rubs) Choi Young-Min, Vet: We are doing bacterial infection treatment, so... antibiotic for babies... (explaning shots of that sort that the vet's giving him) Choi Young-Min, Vet: ...will be given Another day of tiny animal’s shot time Choi Young-Min, Vet: See, I haven’t grabbed anything yet Choi Young-Min, Vet: He's screaming, such a crybaby (I can't look) Yochi : Mom Help!!! Yochi, let’s get well soon Yochi: I’m ANGRY! Yochi: MAD! Afterward For skin treatment, Yochi is getting a bath with medication Let’s wash it all off!! Another episode for today The tiniest among the tiny animals visited This is Bibi, 3 months old (Bearded Dragon) Choi Young-Min, Vet: Look, let's see how much he weigh He's 5g He's so light… light yet precious.. Compared to an A4 (8x11) paper It's 6g Producer: The paper weighs 6g Choi Young-Min, Vet: He’s lighter than an A4 paper You’re so tiny, do you feel unwell? Choi Young-Min, Vet: He has a disease that melts his bones We have a hard jaw bone But for Bibi, if you press on it His jaw caves in Bibi has metabolic bone disease Due to the weak jaw, can’t eat well either Choi Young-Min, Vet: When he feels better, we’re going to give him calcium shots and stuff and have treatments that will strengthen the bones First, recovering his condition is his first priority Bibi: It hurts! Even with such a tiny bodeh Bibi endures the treatment Choi Young-Min, Vet: When one has a disability...
*Bibi doesn't have a left arm one tends to give up easily But in Bibi’s case, there’s nothing like that He tries to move around and tries to survive, so I think we should help him with everything we can Seeing a finger-sized lizard’s will to live, everyone’s touched today Afterward Bibi cheers up and eats We thank all guardians of the tiny animals who knows regardless of their sizes, all lives are valuable 