Town resident: Because her legs are wobbly and can't walk properly, she keeps hiding beneath the car. Town resident: The legs became like this, and go dangling like this Searching for someone desperately Who she looks at is Woman: Where did you go? Nabi A stray cat by the name Nabi However She is too busy avoiding the woman... Production crew:  Oh, she's going!! Running away!! Follow her! - Not there.
- Not there? Woman: I think (her legs) are fractured and it hardened during that state, So the wounds on that area got worse Since a month ago Nabi who appeared with limping legs Maybe because of the injury, she's been avoiding people And has been hiding all over the apartment complex... Production crew: Oh? Aren't these bloodstains? While trying to find Nabi, they discovered bloodstains The place where the bloodstain traces lead... They were able to find the cat hiding in the basement ceiling At the appearance of people, Nabi runs away Even when her legs are injured Nabi is running away desperately Production crew: She's here! Here beneath the car! Production crew: She's so startled Before they knew it, her legs are surrounded with blood Production crew: No, no, she's moving, moving!! Nabi leaves the area again Production crew: She's going over...Over there! On the other side Nabi drags her wounded body... Production crew: Where did she go? Production crew: Oh, she's here! And hides in a basement full of plumbing pipes And hid herself... Woman: This place is where she urinates and poo here. This place seems to be her hideout... Placing food at the entrance And decided to wait until Nabi appears again A moment later Nabi showed up As the woman said, she does her business there Then starts to eat the food that the production crew left behind But she still seems quite anxious Being watchful of her surroundings Then goes off hiding again Decided to hurriedly follow her Production crew: Nabi! Woman: Oh my, what's that? She's there...Gosh I dunno anymore - Production crew: Where is she?
- Woman: She's there. Her legs are stuck Reddish legs are shown in between the plumbing pipes... Cannot delay the rescue any longer Decided to place food near her hideout inside the cage to lure her in Then will wait Desperately hoping for good results 5 hours in Production crew: Came out, came out, came out!! Finally, the cat showed up! Sensed something's off as she keeps staying guard at her surroundings After doing that for awhile Slowly heads in the capturing cage... Production crew: Caught her, caught her! How painful had it been on her all this time... Quickly transported to the hospital Gets thorough health examinations, but Vet: When compared to people, it would mean all the joints have completely been fractured. It should be found together like this, but instead, all the bones are separated on their own Nabi's legs aren't just fractured But has completely shattered into pieces... Vet: A very heavy material, whether it's a tire or a wheel seems to have run over her legs It must've been excruciating painful on her For a stray cat, street life is very hazardous Even if faced with an unimaginable accident, in most cases, they can't get proper treatment For Nabi as well, she probably couldn't even rest peacefully at her hideout with that state... Vet: Right now, when compared to a person, the inflammation has already spread up to here So from this point of the shoulder line to the bottom, have to be surgically removed No other choice but to remove one whole side of the leg Hoping she'll be able to endure the surgery well...! One hour later Vet: The surgery went well Although she's only three-legged now, she'll be able to walk well a week later! Woman: Nabi..! You've been through a lot, Nabi :'( A couple of days later Although she's three-legged She looks more relaxed and stable than before Woman: As she had been through such painful times, I will give her loads of love I'll accept her and raise her as my family well so she won't go through hardships anymore and be able to feel happier than ever before. We cheer for you and Nabi's bright future :) 