Stay~ Flat! With a charismatic look and alert movement Not to mention, the aura in which no one can easily jump on Guardian: She's Belgian Malinoise, 7 years old Called, Jesper Jesper (Quite an embarrassing angle) (Camera: Gimme some attention) / Nope - Stay~! 
(Springs up) Okay Joined at the hip Jesper's eyes are only fixed on her dada She always puts her eyes on me, wherever I walk she only follows by my side, only me Exceptional powers of concentration Crew: Even if there are some distractions? (Speaking of the devil, the sabotage runs into the scene lol) Four-months-old 
Jesper's baby brother Acting giddy Hey sis, sissy, sistah Play with meh Bites Though she's grabbed by her fur I ain't gonna be shaken by this.. Hey sissy let's pla.. ARGH!! LMAOOOOO Woah, this fella.. you are thing.. See yo later brotha The reason why Jesper's taking the training so serious is Guardian: Jesper's registered as the first Civil Police Dog, Let's say, she's a companion dog, but also a working dog, who helps out people (In real cases) She's found a few people missing
"7-year-old Jesper Found A Missing Grandma In Her 80s"
"Found A Missing Woman In Pyeongtaek Bridge After 2 Days Of Search" The police acknowledged her work and registered her as the Civil Police Dog She's the very first dog who became civil police, across the nation A No.1 Civil Police Dog, Jesper Let the training begin Guardian: What's in my hand is a small sample Sample for testing Crew: Can't smell anything Hides the sample, without Jesper knowing Jesper, here~! (Woah..) (Empty-handed) Only by the smell left in his hands Find it! Fast and precisely Daddy, here~! Guardian: (Jesper) Gave us a sign, that she 'found it' - Let me see 
- Yeet! Even after witnessing with their own eyes, The crew couldn't believe what they saw just now Hides even more meticulously this time Here comes our player Find it I only go forward Moving straight to you, the smell Daddy here Crew: Yeah, it's right here, here.. Crew: Wow.. This is like nothang tho Then how Jesper's mad sense of smell will work in this case? (Sealed sample case) Find it in the middle of the reservoir YOU SICK BROADCASTING FELLAS!!! 
(Falls in despair) Will Jesper be able to find it?
Check out in Part 2... 