Grandma's small but precious family, Bong Grandma: Bong, shall I scratch your back for you? K-back scratcher appears Back scratcher that scratches Bong's itchy places in replace of the grandma hehe Bong, you must feel nice receiving all the love from grandma However... Bong who can't use his hind legs Still when grandma calls, even if he has to drag his legs, he comes running Production crew: Why is he like that? Grandma: I have no clue...When I woke up one morning, he was sitting here. When I call his name, "Bong, Bong!" he usually springs up and comes to me. But he was restless and couldn't use his legs from that day. One day, all of a sudden, he couldn't use both of his hind legs and was lying restless. From that day on Bong can't get up nor run Worried about whether Bong might get hurt, Grandma wrapped his hind legs with soft winter socks... Grandma: Because he dragged his legs around the floor, he was bleeding Grandma: So if he goes back and forth on this floor, he is bleeding a lot. So that's why she came up with the idea to use the soft winter socks. Like grandma who always care about Bong, for Bong who sticks to grandma like glue.. When grandma's out for a moment, he remains at one spot motionless. Grandma: Oh my, he's out here. Grandma: Were you looking for me? Grandma: Let's go in. Good boy. For Bong, all grandma can do is applying ointment on his wounded legs and giving massages with a warm towel every day. Loving grandma's touch Bong shows his stomach and turns on his charms around grandma Grandma: You likey grandma? However Bong jumps down from a high table Bong, where are you going? Grandma: Oh it's 'cause Kkami is here, oh my.... Bong's girlfriend, Kkami Running using only his forelegs to meet her Production crew: He gets down in such high places Grandma: Yeah, he jumps off from such a high place Nothing can beat against love However For Kkami who is getting far away Bong has no choice but to watch her get away Grandma just couldn't watch him like that Stroller used for Bong Bong, shall we go for a stroll? Multiple times in a day the playground where he used to run around freely with his friends Even if all he can do is watch, grandma still makes a visit every day Neighbor: When I bring my dogs out for a stroll Neighbor: Came with grandma sometimes and he would be running all over alone But he turned like this all of a sudden... Neighbor: Bong used to fly by like a riding a jet plane He even used to fly with lightning speed and come up right next to me. So fast. Now... At the unfamiliar appearance of Bong the dogs are busy running and avoiding him Maybe that's why he sticks right by grandma's side even at the park And when grandma touches another dog... Neighbor: Don't touch him. Bong gets jealous. Growling Grandma: You're acting up! What are ya gonna do? Bong became a whining baby Grandma: I took him to the animal hospital, but they told me he needs to take an MRI or something expensive I don't have the money So I brought him back home crying Took Bong to the hospital so he can be treated, but without taking an expensive detailed examinations, there is no way the vets were able to know the cause Grandma: I brought Bong found next to the trash can He was found inside a box (abandoned) There's an area where people in the building throw away their trash and I brought her from there 'cause he looked so pitiful Bong abandoned next to a pile of trash and grandma discovered him. Fate brought the two together Now, he is a precious presence to her and a big comfort to one another, but Grandma: If someone from a wealthy family took him in, he would've healed already I feel like he's dying 'cause I don't have the money Wish he could live Worrying about him so much...He hasn't even turned 2 yet The next day Brought Bong to the hospital Vet: I'm sorry, but I'm going to pinch your legs a bit Bongs legs moved! Vet: Aw, you no likey? Good job Vet: When I pull his legs, he tries to use strength a bit, right? Decides to find the cause through detailed examinations! Vet: In the case for Bong, it's not from pressure of spinal disc nerves. Instead, it's caused by inflammation of the spinal cord. The tissues and blood in his body are reacting abnormally The problem with Bong's hind legs is due to inflammation of hte spinal cord! Especially for dogs like Bong with short legs and long back, it's a common disease Thankfully Vet: (When treated), there's a 70% probability of being improved Through medicine and physical therapy there's hope that he'll be able to walk again! At this moment will there be anyone who's happier to hear this news than grandma? Bong will undergo treatments for a week Grandma: Get treated, grandma will come to see you soon, Bong Grandma who can't leave his side thinking they'll have to be apart for a week Vet: I'll call you often. And even send you pictures. My precious Bong please get treated well and let's meet again with a healthier you! 