Wakey wake sleepy head! Ah.. Gimme 5 minutes.. WAKE UP!! OKEH. "I am a stray doggo" Baekgu! (Residents who feed Baekgu)
Baekgu! Here comes yo food Since it's early in the morning, chunky BBQ! (Almost like a take-out buffet) "Woah~ Is it mah birthday..?" 'Thanks for the delish meals as always" Have this as well! Ah.. I can't eat no more.. (Eats like a bird) After he filled his stomach full Soon takes a seat Looking around Looking around some more... Resident: Looks like he's waiting for someone. He keeps staring this way He only wanders about this neighborhood And been going around this apartment 
block over the past five months.. I just feel so pity for him.. When the night comes and no one's on the streets He hides deep into the woods Resident feeding him breakfast every morning What kind of story's behind him.. At that moment! Terry! Terry!! Someone's calling the dog 'Terry' A lady approaches However.. Terry! Sigh.. Resident: They said, Baekgu looks a lot like the one they lost - Are you sure, he's the one? 
- Yeah, I'm sure Terry's owner: Even the body, and the tail 'Terry' has relatively small feet.. (Terry's small paws) Stray dog is one that looks a lot like (Left Terry, Right stray dog) their lost family, 'Terry' Terry's owner: (Terry) Never barks Crew: So how about that fella? Residents: Never seen him barking, ever Docile character.. Terry's owner: He had a pretty face since young, that's why we named him from 'Terrius' My boi 'Terry', raised with all the love and care Terry's owner: When it's been 2 years (since Terry joined our family) When I was about to go out that morning, (with Terry) He should be hopping onto the car, 
but he seemed hesitant for a moment One day, all of the sudden ('Terry'!!!) My dear family 'Terry' vanished into the woods Terry's owner: We literally lived in the woods for three months. 
Just in case he'd look for us.. Whom we couldn't ever forget, not even a day After three years time, We met again miraculously.. but Swoosh Terry's owner: Gonna put this where 'Terry' is, just in case he'd recall (Things that carry the memories with 'Terry') Terry's owner: Hope he brings back the memory by sniffing it Wut is this? Hm... 'Terry'.. yo remember mommy's home-cooked meal? Starts to eat the meal Producer: Oh? Terry's owner: Terry! Ma... ma...?!! Will Terry recognize his owner?
Stay tuned for Part 2... 