A report that the production crew received ‘Rescue the dog.. A dog is eating another dog..’ ‘I saw as I thought the dog was eating something and the dog was eating a dead dog.’ In the reporting video.. There really was a dog eating something on a truck Looking closely, the white dog was biting something off with its head down A truck reported to be parked under the bridge every day The dogs locked up inside the cage on the truck are reported to be swapped in and out of the cage What in the world could be happening inside the cage on the truck..? When we arrived at the site, a truck parked came into our sight As we looked around cautiously the trunk of the truck was full of big cages There, countless dogs were loaded Dogs looking at us with pitiful looks are locked inside a cramped space where they can’t even sit properly Even as the production crew, unfamiliar to them, approaches none of them responds, but remains flabby lethargically. While we looked inside the cage, as one of the white dogs got up An animal carcass was spotted on the ground We weren’t able to tell the exact form, but with brown fur.. Ripped skin.. It was definitely an animal carcass More so, it seemed as if decomposition had begun, the odor was severe. But right at that moment! One dog approaches the carcass laying in front naturally And without any hesitation, started to eat off the carcass. An unbelievably shocking site. Wondering how long these dogs have been locked up in these cages in such conditions.. Inside the cramped cage that didn’t have any space to even budge, it was a hell on earth. In another cage right next to it, the situation was the same. A little dog lying down still in a corner, unable to open its eyes. The dog was barely breathing with fur all fallen due to severe skin disease We wanted to send the poor little one to the hospital right away But the cage inside the truck whose owner was unknown was tightly locked. Police: All are diseased, they’re biting eating. All their eyes are dull and the odor is just horrid It’s been reported that it’s been 5 years since the truck has been parking here, oozing off this horrid smell. We decided to wait for the truck owner while looking into the dogs’ conditions cautiously. At late night, we were able to meet the informant who found the truck. Informant: When I looked, there was a carcass. A dead dog. The other dogs were eating off of the carcass of the dead dog. The legs remained without the body, and the other dogs were just sitting on top of it. Who could possibly be the owner of this horrifying truck.. Resident: How can the owner have the dogs locked up like that inside such a cage. The dogs are just there starving to death. With pity, the resident drops water through the cage.. The dogs weren’t fed even a drop of water the whole day.. How long would the dogs be able to hang on in such a poor environment.. Wherever we look, it’s just plainly pathetic Despite seeing them in such condition, as we don’t have any way of helping them, we waited for a long time, hoping for the owner to appear. Despite the long wait, we weren’t able to meet the owner.. Next day morning, as soon as the sun rose, the production crew once again visited the site Producer: These dogs aren’t the ones we saw yesterday..? Some dogs we didn’t see yesterday came into our sight. Moreover, inside the empty bucket, was some sort of food waste heaven knows what What could have possibly happened overnight? The problem is, the dogs locked up inside the cage seem to be in a worse condition than yesterday.. Seems the situation inside the truck is getting worse by the day.. As we couldn’t just wait around any longer, we looked around the truck And stickers related to edible dogs caught our attention So perhaps these poor, diseased dogs are being sold out to places as food supply..? To rescue them, we decided to ask for help Animal protection organization personnel and vet arrives at the site.. CEO: Oh my gosh!!!! What is this?!! How can anyone leave them like this.. They lost their words CEO: Even if one slaughters a dog, it’s inhumane and immoral to cage them like this and transfer them in such a condition Vet looks inside the cage to check their condition Vet: The dog has severe skin disease and you can see the leg. It doesn’t have any fur but the bare skin can be seen. I think there’s been a spread of respiratory disease inside the cage. We have to meet the truck owner, hear the whole account and must rescue the dogs, and treat them before too late Under cooperation from the police, we tried to contact the owner.. Police: We are calling you to come for a few checkups While everyone waits anxiously.. Producer: He’s coming down right now It was the truck owner We explained the situation first, then asked him about the dogs inside the cage Producer: Where are these dogs coming from..? Owner: I buy from homes, markets, etc. Producer: What kind of market? Owner: 5-day market. Usually, the security dogs bark well, they protect home, too Producer: Do you go to dog soup places too? Owner: Oh no, of course not Producer: no? You don’t? Owner: No A complete lie saying they’ve never been sold to dog soup restaurants and instead are adopted to homes as a companion dog How would he have the dogs in such conditions adopted to families.. Unaccountable stories continued CEO: But as we looked right now, there aren’t any healthy dogs Producer: We have a video of them eating off a carcass as proof.. Owner: That’s not it. When the dogs link the bucket with food in it and if the leftover gets soggy and sticks on the ground, people mistake that as something else As we mention the carcass, the owner gets upset Owner: Okay, look. Look at it closely and let’s get it over with. Look, Look! Take a look at it! Owner: Look. What do you mean there’s a carcass? There’s nothing like that! As we try to get closer, the truck owner shuts the cage in a rush Producer: We have a video reported to us where the dogs eat off meat from the carcass Owner: I’m telling you, oh my goodness~ There’s no such case! What’s wrong with you? Producer: So you’re saying you’ve never fed them any carcass of other animal or dog meat? Owner: Right, of course not We checked the footage together Producer: Here, right here! Owner: No, no if the dog lies down after eating food, it appears like that Producer: So you’re saying this dog is alive? Owner: Of course Vet: That one’s not alive, you can see the guts Owner: Sigh, where are the guts? Vet: Those are guts Owner: What are you talking about ha, no it’s not. You don’t know Owner: The dog is just lying down!! Vet: Why would the guts be out when the dog is just lying down? Owner: It’s just the leftover food spill from the bucket so it appears like that Vet: Show him where you can see the back all ripped Although it’s definitely a carcass where the guts and inner skin is shown, all ripped, the owner persistently says it’s just a dog lying down He said the guts we see are just a food spill of what he fed them, that it’s not a carcass. Owner: I’m tired now, so let me go Producer: Since you’re here let us treat the diseased dogs over there But, as we can’t let him go off like this We requested that he would cooperate so we can medically treat the dogs who are in severe conditions.. Owner: I’m just gonna go Producer: We’re just trying to cure the dogs that are ill Owner: No, I’ll take care of that. They’re my objects so no one can do anything to them without my word Producer: Sir, no. They really do look ill... With persistent persuasion to let us treat the dogs that are ill.. The owner seems to have changed his mind, moving towards the cage But, the dog he pulled out wasn’t the severely diseased dog.. Owner: You have to comfort the dog. Hug it, hug. It’s going to be scared. Scared! Like that two dogs came out of the cage Meanwhile, even before we can say anything, the owner got on the truck and left the site in a rush Vet: We didn’t even get to see the dogs in severe condition. He just left like that with all the dogs that are ill. There are dogs in that cage who won’t be able to live longer than 2-3 days CEO: We are so upset and sad that we weren’t able to rescue the dogs as he kept insisting he is the owner and they belong to him. But, we’ve reached a point where we can’t help but sue him for violating Animal Protection Act As soon as we arrive at the hospital, a thorough medical examination begins Vet: We did blood tests, eye examinations, and took an X-ray. We checked they have the respiratory disease and one of them is just too bony. It’s all really just bones We decided to contact the owner as there still are dogs inside the cage suffering And, we were finally able to come in contact with him over the phone.. Producer: We want to treat the dogs that are ill.. Owner: I mean~ I returned all the dogs from where I bought them Producer: Can we know where you bought them? Owner: I don’t remember. I go to so many places all over the country, so I don’t remember. Who are you to order me around? Am I a robot to you? Producer: Where did you leave the truck and all? Owner: You don’t need to know that Like that, the owner just hung up the call Next day, the animal protection organization visited a local police station and sued the truck owner Filed a complaint as the act of selling animals without registration and use of animal carcasses as food for dogs violates the Animal Protection Act CEO: Although the Animal Protection Act is being reinforced when compared to past, the reality is that we still can’t take much actions upon findinding an abusive site So, we need to reinforce the Animal Protection Act further so that we can protect the animals Dogs who must have waited for someone locked up inside a hellish cage in the truck Relieving thing is if they are well fed with nutrition-rich food, they will be able to recover quickly In March 2021, the Ministry of Justice announced that it would discuss ways to separate animals from ordinary objects and give them the third position. According to the current civil law, animals are still classified as “objects”. For this reason, even when one’s pet is abused, it is impossible to deprive the pet of ownership, making it impossible to separate it by force. If animals come out of the category of “objects” under the Civil Act and are given new commands, the Criminal Act and the Animal Protection Act are likely to change in the direction of protecting animal rights, such as strengthening punishment for abuse 