Nurse: Kkabul Nurse: Kkabul Kkabul who looks somewhat anxious Shaking like a leaf... Production crew: Why is he shaking so much? Nurse: He has strong fear towards people. Nurse: When he first came in here, he was stuck on the floor crawling around... Nurse: Maybe 'cause he thinks he'll be sent to the fighting ring again... Treating dogs, not as living beings, but as a cruel money-making tool... A brutal dogfighting scene Just to survive, fighting dogs had to fight each other to the death and the people involved who don't care a bit about the suffering dogs. But only busy exchanging money... To rescue the dogs from a hell-like place, police officers and other professionals gathered up to set up a plan. Police officer: Where are the dogs?! Total of 17 fighter dogs was rescued. Every one of them are suffering pain in the body and the mind due to being forced on unwanted fights Among them, those who are severely injured... The dog named 'Kkabul'... Vet: Gosh, looks like he's been bitten countless times. Vet: Let's give him some painkillers 'cause the pain looks too severe. Vet: When involved in a very serious car accident, enough to have been run in and out from the car Vet: If involved in such cases, this kind of severe muscle damage occurs (as the state Kkabul's in) The dog will have to receive intensive care at the hospital for now The next day, the production crew visited the police station Once the police finish the investigation on the rescued fighting dogs, the rescued dogs will be protected by the animal rights group. Until then, they are to be taken care of in the backyard of the police station Police officer: Out of 17 rescued dogs, 5 dogs were confiscated because it was clear they were used as fighting dogs. For the rest of 12 dogs, after thorough investigation strong measures will be taken. For the dogs who couldn't talk and have suffered during such awful times, we feel deeply sorry and guilty... Visited the hospital a month later Is Kkabul alright? Vet: Teeth went in deeply on this side. Vet: So a lot of the muscles were internally damaged. Vet: So a lot of fluid was flowing out from the wound. Vet: Right now, externally, he has been completely restored. Vet: As of now, his health improved a lot and it's safe to say that he's in a normal state. But Kkabul is still full of fear towards people On the other hand, how's this dog's condition? Nurse: In Kkabul's case, he's a bit scared of people For this one, comes close and likes people. Unlike Kkabul, Russell loves being around people Does he like... animals as well...? Nurse: Russel! Russel, Russel, NO! Nurse: No, no, it's okay Tries to calm Russel down... Vet: When he encounters animals, He still thinks it's a sign that marks the beginning of a fight. So he still shows aggression towards other animals. Since they're born, they were trained to fight for a long time. So for any animals in which they come across, it's natural that that perceive them as not friends but as enemies. In that way, it's their only way to survive. Nurse: Fear towards people, should go away quickly. That way, they can be sent to a warm family and beloved there. For the rest of their life, to live as pets and not fighter dogs Vet: Get in It has been decided to send them to a training center to correct their behavior. Vet: Kkabul, bye! Nurse: Live a happy life, okay? Sad farewell At the training center, the dogs will learn how to live with other beings. As soon as they arrive at the training center, Russel cries wishing to be taken out So they try to slowly let him out... The two became agitated in an instant For the safety of the two Decided to put on dog muzzles Kkabul has muzzles on just in case, Director Lee Chan-Jong: This one's (Kkabul) quite docile For Kkabul, putting on muzzles itself is too scary so he shakes so much like a leaf... Director Lee Chan-Jong: Why is this one (KKabul) so timid? Just then!! The leash broke off in an instant! Director Lee Chan-Jong: NO!!!!!!!!!! And after that... Director Lee Chan-Jong: Hurry up and try to stop this!! The fighter dogs' story continues in Part 4... 