Since he's sooo cute imma give a bit of spoilers. Hold your heart tight and peace out from the editor of this vid.. At a tanning shop, Tensed vibe lurking around the space.. What the heck's happening? A few moments later, That is.. Chipmunk Shook lol Rushing Catch that guy! Quite a thriling chase LMAO Where has he gone? I can see him LLLLLMMMMAAAAOOOO I mean, I panicked, you know Staff: I told you I can catch him in two secs But you said you can catch him with the thingi, this one Eventually failed to capture the squirrel Our first encounter with him was.. While I was welcoming (the customers) from here, Something fell, like this, I thought it was a cockroach at first glance, so I looked into it more closely And the customer and I just went, JEZUS! Fell from there One day, the chipmunk fell from the ceiling of the shop, out of thin air Yet, all the windows were shut.. Have no idea how can a chipmunk end up in here, But first, we decided to observe his movement routine By placing the food out there Nom Nom (Cutie pie..) The chipmunk striding down the hall Huh?? What on earth is he doing tho Mann that was a long day Shop owner: Never seen a chipmunk in the middle of a city Staff: This place is downtown, yet a chipmunk showed up somehow.. Where has he come from? Guess this would go as far as that mountain, it's all connected The forest located a 1km-away from the tanning shop Due to the business of constructing an artificial forest in recent years, The chipmunk might have lost his nest, and hence probably came to the shop.. He's very sensitive about the sense of presence, of people or surroundings. Reckon he still has strong wild nature Strictly speaking, the chipmunks are wild animals, so Paint Knowing his hideout will only allow us to catch him The next day Yeah, he stamped around Did quite a lot, hasn't he? He went this way Shadowing his footprints.. There's one(footprint) in here The paint marks Woah.. That means, his hideout isn't far away from here..! Wow! This tissue.. (Yesterday) It's the one that chipmunk took after poopin' (Chipmunks) Particularly have the nature of having a winter nap. Preparing a dry rug or mat, by which to settle a place for his winter nap This lil guy has been getting ready for a winter nap all this time Yet, the hideout he chose for himself is.. Uh he flinched! Shop owner: This is seriously dangerous, the electricity itself It's 380v(volt) and the transmitter in watts, is over 10kw(kilowatts) If he touches a single wire there, That might cause a tragic accident For the safety of the squirrel, decided to jump right into the rescue! will shut the cage when he enters And it's time to greet our lil pal.. Hewow Somehow he came close to the capturing cage! Half in! Half of his abdomen first, Then comes the rest! And the last bit.. his tail as well..! Thunk Rescue succeeds! Got him! Got him! First off, checks the chipmunk's health condition Kang Shin-Young / Vet specializing in wild animals
: Heartbeat sounds good And considering this, he seems fine and well Thankfully, he's in good condition, but, it's too early to release him back to the wild For a better survival.. It'd be better if he stays here for a year, at least This could be a big help. Since he's quite late for the winter nap compared to the other wild chipmunks It'd be much more perilous to release him into nature Hence he'll go back into the wild in the coming spring "Hope he gets through the winter safe and sound here" "And once he's back into nature, hope he lives in a bigger space, happier life there" See you at the mountain, pal (wink) 