A college campus in Seoul Someone's been living together.. Who you.. Who are ya? Who da heck are you to stay in a random school's ceiling? Informant : Heard it's been a week since she got stuck Informant: It's just a pathway below PD: Woah.. Quite deep tho? PD: It's too dangerous.. Gimme phood We put a ladder in the late night to give her food since the rescue wasn't possible Ugh...! Hey, don't come out too much Informant: The ceiling is coming down because of her weight Bawls sadly and disappears to somewhere This is insane.. Wonder how that ceiling is structured? Director: The damaged spot is here in the ceiling It is a box-type space located on the ground of the third floor of the building PD: Is it empty inside? PD: Yeah, nothing's here We've come up with some speculations but still don't know how she got into there But we're talking about a 'cat' There might be her own passage which isn't depicted in the blueprint The ceiling of the hall which seems closest to the spot where the cat is Decide to look inside.. Empty PD: Does this ceiling lead to the outside? Director: No, as you saw before.. PD: It's just blocked with panels.. / Yeah, right The ceiling of the outer wall where the cat stays isn't connected to anywhere else Hall / The ceiling where the cat is It's been 10 days since the cat was discovered We could hear the cat scooting from there to there when we came here last Friday night..! She dashed around and ran all over The traces of that day fell to pieces Pedestrian access is closed off for safety and the rescue attempt ensues Prepare a meal just in case.. Could you lift this.. Having hundreds of possibilities in mind, approach slowly.. The cat isn't spotted and we can see that she ate it all Dunno if we can put the capture cage in there;; I mean.. this doesn't get even wider But it doesn't matter.. Cuz we got state of the art equipment right here Can't find the cat..
Maybe she hid somewhere? Even after searching all over, couldn't find any space connected to the building Eventually, deliver the food box we prepared and come down.. Ey, you rascal (Of course, but) We're not around you so why doncha pop out and start eating up ;) Sigh.. Will ya be able to rescue meh? Vet Cha Jin-won/ World Pet Animal Hospital:
Woah.. this spot is literally... Impossible to go in and stay at all;;; Haha.. Not just space tho.. Expect no cooperation from me too
Good Luck.. Been a long time... encountering such a challenging rescue.. To be continued in Part 2.. 