Some carcass is hanging in the tree.. Got its neck bitten and organs eaten up The bewildering mystery of a carcass hanging in the tree It's hung in the middle of a pine tree I thought it was weird thinking why would a water deer be hanging in there Up on the tree in the desolate mountain The dead body of the water deer hanging in a grotesque figure Informant:  Since I'm 5.5ft, it's about 6.5ft high Such a high place where it's barely reachable It's questionable, thinking why would the water deer have to face death in such place (Having a heated discussion) Guess 1: Those who hunt are usually officially licensed Wild animal association staff: They would put their quarry up on the tree and collect them back after they finish up with the hunting Zoo Staff: A golden eagle or an eagle-owl could've eaten it (Guess 2) Birds of prey can finish it off if their prey is small
 (Right, right)    (Word up) ? Meh? Gobbling down on it on the ground is pretty much a rare case At the moment where a lot of speculations are coming up To find out the clues on the dead water deer's body, an autopsy is performed Vet Choi Young-min:
 I confirmed that it suffered multiple fractures in many parts of the body Additionally, the cervical spine of the neck is dislocated, same for the hind leg as well It must have died instantly right after its bones are fractured Multiple fractures are the cause of its death The water deer is badly mutilated.. What led this poor creature encounter the appalling death? An expert visits the site Korea Urban Ecology Research Center 
Director Park Byeon-kwon Focused Focused Director Park Byeon-kwon: It's totally different from a water deer's fur The tip of the water deer's hair is not yellow at all Other wild animals' hair (Left)  Water deer's hair (Right) There's feces of a carnivore predator What the discovered clue points at is a carnivore predator Lynx Marten Wildcat Who will be the culprit among them? Yet..! Environmental Office staff: It's eaten up from its butt to organs Discovered in another mountain is a water deer carcass in a similar position We thought it would come back again since 70-80% of the carcass remains intact The culprit always returns to the scene of the crime
Install a camera While everyone's watching, holding their breath..! Jumps It's here! It came! It's here!! As if it's familiar with it, the culprit starts eating the water deer carcass up on the tree The culprit turns out to be a marten Martens are born with vicious temperance. 
 They kill whatever that moves Scratching off!! A marten can go up such height quite easily They carry an animal that weighs from 6, 7kg to 10kg without difficulty A marten with a cute appearance + small figure Yet these fellas are the apex predator 