There's a dog who has been wandering around the town in a ghastly shape Resident: The dog's lying in the middle of the strawberry field in that house over there and the dog appeared to look so worn out. Resident: I thought the dog had some kind of bandage on because of an injured neck. But when I looked closely in the light, it was so tight deep on her neck and I was so shocked at the sight of it. Resident: I wished to take it off, but that is only if I could catch her... Resident: There's a footage I've taken then... When the dog showed up in an unimaginable shape...
A lot of the residents worried about her Surprisingly, the dog was stuck in what seems to be a PVC pipe... Resident: Come here, lemme take it off for you. This will mean that the dog's been wandering around town like this for months now... Resident: Right there...I heard she usually sleeps right over there... Maybe she considered the plastic vinyl house as the hiding place because it is located on the outskirts of town... The dog was seen frequently around this area. No sight of him, but there were only leftover dog food found... Where is he...? While roaming around the neighborhood...! Producer: There she is! There! However, as she might've sensed something's off, she suddenly started running through the bushes She does look like the dog that the residents have been searching for, seeing that she's got a pipe on her neck... Her injury does appear serious The dog wasn't able to run far and ends up lying down The guy steps closer to check what kind of situation the dog's under... As soon as the dog senses a person coming close, she starts running away without taking a looking back She's so vigilant that all we can do is watch from afar On scorching hot days like this, she's been living like that for several months...
How suffocating and painful it must've been... Resident: Usually she lives here, and is fed from that house so... Someone's taking care of her? Maybe that explains why...Even after wandering aimlessly all day, she still always shows up near here After following her sounds, we've spotted her resting comfortably in front of a house Quite a relaxed posture, unlike what we've seen earlier Just then, the house owner shows up Surprised by the sudden noises nearby, she gets out of the house Resident: I'm not the owner. Since I'm raising a dog, she came by and is living next to us. Because we only come here on Saturdays, Sundays, or holidays, she might've felt comfortable living here... Maybe she knows, unlike other places, there are fewer people nearby here, so she has been staying here for some time However, when the house owner appears, she disappears and wanders around the village... And as soon as the owner leaves, As soon as he locks up the place...she shows up again The man wished to catch her and bring her in, but...catching her was nearly impossible So he had no choice but to watch from a distance Producer: Then, how long has it been since she first came here? Farmer: The dog has been coming here...I'm not sure exactly, but I think it may have been 5 or 6 years The dog didn't open up to him for a long time, so he's been feeding her... But one day, she showed up with a pipe stuck making him worry even more Farm owner: I think it was this January or February...
It was early Spring We've called 911 to rescue her, but because she's so scared of people, she ran away. We've failed to rescue her. The dog was already wary, but she became warier As the man lends out his hand, 
it only seemed as if she's getting further away Farm owner: For many years I've tried to get a step closer to her, but 2-3 meters is the closest I've been with her For some reason, the dog doesn't ever seem to leave the area The reason is that the male dog, Baekgu, was raised at the farm Baegku, who has been with her for a long time even before she got her neck stuck in a PVC pipe For the injured dog, Baekgu has been protecting her by standing by her side Farm owner: Before her head was stuck in a pipe, she had a collar on which chocked her as she grew up So it bled and let out pus, becoming more painful for her...But Baekgu, the male dog, nursed her by licking it for her all-day Before she showed up at the farm, years ago, she appeared for the first time with a collar choking her In fact, through time, the collar broke off and so Baekgu took care of her neck well which was full of severe wounds Another reason why she cannot leave the farm is... Farm owner: This is her first pup The reason why she lingers here is that she was gave birth to pups and even raised them here Farmer assumed the pups were born from Baekgu, so he decided to raise them Farmer: There was a big red plastic bucket here Years ago, after giving birth to the first pup, she had already given birth 3 times already in this farm Still, he's assured that she might've given birth here because she assumed the farm to be safe.
He then gave the pups to a warm family. Then the pups he's been taking care of grew so big and has been protecting the farm with the papa dog Maybe that's why she constantly lingers around the farm even in an injured state... Farmer: She's looking after her pups nearby here. So when strangers pass by, she follows. She appears out of nowhere and protects her pups like that. When someone approaches or threatens her pups, she guards and fights ferociously The mother dog who is busy running away from people... For the sake of her pups, she had endured the awful pain on her neck and tried her best to protect them So, an expert came to look at her situation Vet: If it has been 6 months, it's highly likely that the pipe caused abnormality in her ears or tissues around her face How was she able to endure that for 6 months...? Because the pipe is pressing on her entire head, it'll be life-threatening if she continues to stay like this Rescue starts quickly! To reassure her, a trap was installed inside the farm Plus, a big dinner to lure him in ;) Animal Rescue Team Leader: Woah...hahaha, I think this is the best dog dinner I've seen Now everything is prepped The rescue team hides inside and waits for him to appear But she doesn't seem to appear near the cage for awhile Finally appeared! Rescue team: Oh, she's moving, she's moving! Finally, entered the farm and... Got inside the yard where the cage is located Please...a step closer inside..... Came in!! Rescue team: Head out quickly!!! Rescue success! Famer: You've done a great job
Rescue team: It's okay, it's okay Rescue team: It's okay
Farmer: It's okay After being rescued, she was immediately transported to the hospital The pipe seems to be embedded tighter than expected and seems difficult to remove... Vet: If the pipe is forcibly pulled like this, it will give much pressure on the eyes or other areas, So it'll be more stable to cut the pipe a little to make space, then take it out After careful work...Finally, the pipe is completely removed! You've been through a lot :'( Vet: Thankfully, there are traces of several abrasions on the skin, but doesn't seem to have series sequelae enough to cause abnormalities on the bones Thankfully there are no serious injures at the moment!! Then, a detailed examination was carried out to see if there were any other diseases Vet: Oh? Could you check her heart for a moment? Vet: She's pregnant Producer: Ya got one more family member in the future ;) Famer: Because it's a place where she's always been, I think It will be less burdensome for her. I'll make sure she'll give birth to a healthy pup We sincerely hope that they'll overcome pain and start anew living together happily :) 