Next to the expressway where the cars running fast, there's a dog sitting tight. Producer: Isn't here an expressway rest stop? Informant: It is. There are no houses nearby.. It's a devastating environment where dogs can't live.. It's been 5 months since the dog's been found Why on earth has she ended up here..? With an unwell condition, the dog walks to in front of a car Hovers around for a while, and turns back.. Many times a day, She stares blankly at the cars passing by.. If a car comes by, she would stare at it and goes all the way down It looked like she was looking for her owner She's waiting for someone.. That's why she can't leave now.. At that moment..! Producer: Oh no!! Been running after a car, for so many times already.. Would like to give her a hand, But she wouldn't let anyone, including the mister been feeding her for 5 months, come near her at all.. Only when we left She starts eating She hardly eats a proper meal.. But soon.. She checks every single, passing car not to miss one.. She gets disappointed.. and waits again.. This must have been her routine over the 5 months She looked very clean at first. 
Her fur was clean and her leg was fine When he saw her for the first time as if her life on the streets has not been long, she looked quite decent Then how did she ended up alone in such dangerous place Why hasn't anyone looked for her.. Rest spot This village not so far from the rest area Perhaps she came to the rest area from the village by herself? Villager: I haven't seen her. You can hardly find a dog like her.. We don't usually have a dog like that in a rural area, like here Why would she go up there.. There's no way from here Villager: I mean why would she go up there when she has a lot to go around here.. It doesn't make sense.. The rest stop can be reached after walking up the bank and crossing the two-way road with four lanes I don't think she made it all the way to here.. Someone must have released her, I guess.. I think she's abandoned. 
How could she make it to an expressway? Faith, that she can find her owner she lost again, is what has kept her engine on for long, over the five months Concerning she might miss her owner who might come to find her, She couldn't leave the spot empty, not even for a sec, but sits tight in this spot Though repeats expecting and getting disappointed, yet She can't give up on hope Until when is she going to continue this waiting without any promises..? 