Getting rained on, a dog doesn't move at all in the middle of the yard Owner : When it rains or snows, she'd always be like that in that house. Such a poor girl The dog with full of scars, wearing such sorrow all over her face is called 'Benzi' When it rains or snows, the dog's staring blankly at a dog house in the front yard Grandma : He/she wouldn't get your puppy back? Lez go take them back! Benzi goes into the dog house as the grandma forces her to 12 pups are in the dog house! As Benzi flips over for snuggles, the pups shove into her chest Right at that moment! Another dog of this house 'Baeksoon' shows up Getting nasty to the Benzi who barged into the house out of nowhere Without being able to defy for once, Benzi's kicked out from the house Owner : She's getting fidgety because she can't get them in that house. Seven of the pups that Baeksoon has in her possession are the offspring of Benzi Benzi wanders near them, not being able to do anything else Yet Grandma : Baeksoon~ Come here Upon the grandma's call, Baeksoon finally gets up and leaves home Baeksoon is in da zone for eggs Which give a chance to Benzi! Benzi slowly goes into the house where the pupes are in Benzi spending quality time with the pups in so long But then! Baeksoon senses something strange Not even looking back for once, runs straight to the house Baeksoon dashes towards Benzi and threatens her Baeksoon's nasty temper towards Benzi has a legit reason Owner : Baeksoon won't let her in and Benzi would try to take her pups out. During those quarrels, she got bitten It's because of this dude, Benzi and Baeksoon's crush 'Baekgu' There were two, Baeksoon and Benzi, in the beginning. Two were besties back then One day, Benzi fell in love with Baeksoon's husband 'Baekgu' Benzi gave birth a week earlier than Baeksoon Baeksoon who got blinded by jealousy, took seven pups from Benzi Benzi couldn't properly breastfeed her pups for once because of Baeksoon Owner : Come out! The owner man tries to mend their relationship Benzi shakes her head side to side, feeling flustered by seeing her pups coming out 7 out of 12 are her pups Yet can she distinguish her pups among them? Owner : This one with open eyes belongs to Benzi and this little one who couldn't belongs to Baeksoon He even moved Benzi's house afar in order to stop Baeksoon's pup kidnapping Benzi could finally hold her pups in her arms in a week Owner : She could finally take her pups back after they opened their eyes Benzi breastfeeds her pups at east final;ly Benzi and her pups spending quality time in peace But then! Benzi stand right before the house to stop her from taking her pups again Benzi who got terrified by Baeksoon, runs to her home as Baeksoon approaches Get out! Quick! Baeksoon, they're not your children though! Baeksoon runs away by the grandma's shout of rage After checking the grandma's getting inside the house, she looks around and dahses to the house Her only targets are Benzi's pups Baeksoon's busy taking the pups out from the house Benzi can't say a thing even when such crime is happening right before her eyes Benzi pays a visit to Baeksoon's house Yet Benzi can't help but surrender upon Baeksoon's approach She gives up and turns back at last Baeksoon's obsession over the pups is getting worse A solution to fix their problem is definitely needed First off, how's the pups' health be like? Vet : All 12 pups are healthy, so I don't know if I should say that I'm proud of them... Thanks to Baeksoon's care, all pups are in good shape Yet the issue is, Baeksoon couldn't take of herself while nursing the pups Vet : The amount of breastmilk is too small, right? If she loses too much breastmilk, she might suffer hypocalcemia Her breath gets short and she goes through seizures She might fall in a great danger Benzi who couldn't breastfeed her pups also has health issues Vet : If she can't breastfeed her pups enough, the milk might become solid, which causes breast inflammation in the end Decide to separate two families for the sake of the two mother dogs and their pups Install a fence to hinder Baeksoon from barging in Benzi now can finally fully devoted to puppy-rearing I guess she can breastfeed her pups and raise them well A few days later Baeksoon goes out after taking care of her pups Where her steps stop at is in front of Benzi's house Perhaps she couldn't let go of Benzi's pups yet... As soon as she hears her pups' cry, She goes back to her pup Her jealousy is defeated by her motherly love Baeksoon, keep your eyes on your pup +_+ 