Who is she waiting for all-day..? Wut..? PD : Is this your house? To call that it's not her house.. Damn natural eye contact Sandeul When it's not her house She cleans it up When it's not her dog.. She feeds her a LOT FYI, not my dog. Not a dog/She's my family :) My dear family who's been with me for 8 years Come here Is it yum? After eating, strolling fo sho Sandeul, wear this before we go out That scares me man.. Just put it on a bit.. JESUS WHAT IS IT THOUGH Okay, okay..! Let's not wear this What.. did I just see..? I already failed for so many times. My home is in Anyang and my family all moved there, but I stayed here temporarily because of her So I have to leash her to take her to my home.. Sandeul was left home alone after a series of failures and the grandma who comes here every day to meet Sandeul Nah for this.. Mission 'Befriend' Daughter~ Come here I don't wanna get along tho.. *grumbles* and make it double Then I ain't gon' eat man~ Our Sandeul wasn't like this from the beginning Leash.. She used to be an ordinary dog strolling with a leash like other doggo She refused to wear a leash when I tried to change it to another that she stopped me putting it till the end As she had been a good girl, listening to me well, I forced her to wear it, which was pretty casual Then she bit my face out of the blue. Stitched 6 times on her forehead And got bitten several times at every trial Can't help but sighing, but.. We can't give up / yet 'Is This Leash Yours' Mission Begins Those are all not mine!! As soon as she enters, she resists badly (The second leash enters) You should come with me to my house~ Huh? We can't live like this anymore Looks like the second trial is a fail too.. The third leash.. Fails again The fourth one, fails Argh, I can't.. My heart races.. My arm, so precious Maybe it was from this point.. that it felt like something went wrong.. Dayum.. Thud It's hard to put it into words There must be something happened to her What should we do, PD? For the first time ever in Kritter Klub
the solution's put on halt? To be continued in part 2 