Books are food for thought While everyone's busy feeding their mind.. Customer : I'm trying to read in silence but I can't focus There's an amazing animal The one who made a buzz in the place where it should be quiet? (Follow meh) In here.. Owner : She's a mascot of our store, Dore She broke about 1-2 boxes of beverage bottles so far, I guess In the fridge where beverage bottles should be stocked Tee-hee.. Sleeps damn well.. Argh, it's too bright YO close the door man! Please. Do something.. Haven't filmed enough of you yet.. NAH Go back Let's wrap up the shoot today Wrapping it up in my a** Get up, get up The only way to wake Dore up I'm going to give ya treats, will that be okay with you? Sniffs Warning - Not fast forward This taste is like a wake-up call She's fat because of her big appetite She weighs about 12kg? (Why was I born as a human being..) Even though she's fat, people adore her Shall I start moving around? Heave-ho Nothing's here Gimme treats, If I ever find a single one, you gon' get smashed Something's above here! Oh my! Oh no, I guess she smelled I put a rice ball over here Spills em all lol I thought she came 'cause she likes me, but she came for food.. Correcto Now that she's done eating food
It's time for dessert Peek What I've been looking for was here A cup of coffee is da best dessert If you don't like coffee / (Next target) (Guards a bag) Shall I go somewhere else? Wait, no way Take it back, no I'm still hungry.. A hot mess Yo! My clothes! If I go up high, I can find the food better. (Obstacle1) (Obstacle2) The owner's got hella upset lol So imma remove ya Going up to the other place Is this chocolate!? YO Hold on The cost of vandalism is.. Caught red-handed Brought into custody in the end Flustered raccoon Do you know how many keyboards you've destroyed so far What's wrong with you these days Attempts to escape.. Stay at your house. Be a good girl okay Cranky Dore became crankier than before.. Dore used to be so docile and act cute a lot But she's become sensitive these days Dore's been looking out for food, quite aggressively, so far Now she's even defied her owner lately..! Vet Cha Jin-won Why has she changed so much? She would get offended when you're just casually messing around her and rather become sensitive In other times, her appetite increases a lot Changes in her hormone.. I think she became very edgy due to some symptoms shown on her body "She's highly likely to be pregnant" Pregnancy out of the blue This is a womb you see now Defo pregnant It's been less than 3 weeks in terms of period After about a month and a half her delivery will start Con  Expecting a baby soon  grats A delivery room for Dore only Supa satisfied "I feel so much better after knowing that the reason why she became cranky is because of pregnancy Shush! Dore is having prenatal care 