No one knew, over the soundproofing wall on the edge of the road they casually passed by.. PD: Huh!? Wait up, that cat's beaming eyes..! Right, right.. there's a baby kitten..! It looks at least 33 ft high Yet The kitten slowly moves around But soon after.. She gave a glance down and got scared frozen Informant: Said they couldn't do anything about her
since she's at a troubled rescue spot But I couldn't just watch the kitten dying It's been 3 days since the kitten got stuck at an unreachable spot here How long will she withhold in such a condition..? She wouldn't even survive a few days in such condition without eating It'd be better to give her water, even a little would be fine.. A small door next to the kitten Install safety equipment for emergency, Go for it As soon as the water and  food can are placed The kitten approaches carefully and starts to gobble down.. Soon after Ah... Can't take her eyes off the can (But as she can't go for the can, so..) Fills her tummy with water ;( Then how come this little baby ended up in such a dangerous spot..? This(the railing) almost starts from the ground The end part of the railing is not high from the ground at all It's only 0.32 ft high here This railing goes all the way there.. All you have to do is go back to where you came But why can't you though.. The cat must have walked up straight forward,
 not looking down at all But when she turned back to go back, she could see everything down She didn't realize then.. that it would be this high The rescue operation will be challenging for now So it's best to prepare a safety device properly and proceed with the rescue Hold on a bit It's exposed to direct rays of the sun without any shades The baby kitten's totally worn out by the heat and fear Can't waste time any longer Install a capture cage in a crane and the crane goes up with it... Hey, little kitty? STOP
didn't yell at the kitten Wait, she goes over the wall, to the road!~ An unexpected situation occurs Gasps! The producer who was reporting on the situation caught her Rescued safely(?) Where am I.. and who am I-meow How's the kitty cat? Her femoral head is broken If you compare it to a normal head of femur, you can see that it's broken A little bit of a bony callus has formed. It's been a few days since she had a bone fracture, not just one day or two Come to think of it, The way of her walks looked unwell.. She must have looked for a hideout due to pain 
and fear after her femoral head is broken and went up to that place to avoid noisy places. Why on earth had she ended up in here out of all places I'm alive, that's enough 