Baekgu(a white dog in Korean) inside the dark drainage Baekgu~ Who's calling me..? (Why are you here..) Madam : I guess it's been 2 months Crew : Two months already? / Yeah, since I saw her.. My husband told me that a dog cried out in the night So I went out to check and found a dog over there One day Emerged from a reservoir a dog whom they've never seen before Watch out Crew : Can we go down here? / I don't think so Peek Crew : The dog's out! Blocked everywhere, The place where there's no food at all.. Tailrace manager : It's tailrace where it doesn't contain water usually yet, during a flood season where it rains a lot it releases water to that way Blocked The drainage in which the way outs hardly exist If it rains, it'd be disastrous.. Resident : If I try to get in to capture the dog, she would go into the drainage I think the dog fell off She could swim down and jump over there to get out But she wouldn't, perhaps she's afraid of water, I guess Baekgu~ The dog even avoids getting help.. (The madam's getting concerned more as days pass) I bring this here to feed her A meal the madam brought Soon after I gotta watch out.. Baekgu gobbles down the food ;( Thanks to the madam, she could fill her tummy today as well Not sure when it'll rain again Yet the surroundings are too dangerous for living Look, she sits in a dry spot She would curl herself up there and sleeps in the night That night Crew getting worried : It's pouring though.. The dog who wakes up from the pouring rain finds somewhere to hide.. For the sake of Baekgu's safety Speed up the rescue..! (Done installing the capture cage) Going-to-be-Baekgu's mother : I feel so pity for her.. What else I can do other than adopting her She could become a family once she's rescued As time passes by, however, the dog doesn't show up Chan-jong : I guess we need to go inside and rescue the dog (Baekgu, come out..) I can't see her.. Will go deeper At the moment when everyone appears tense The end of the drainage. Where's the dog? The sluice was blocked, so I thought 'She must be here' when I turned around the corner But when I did, she wasn't there Been stuck here so far Baekgu disappeared suddenly What happened to her during the night.. *Observation camera footage of last night*
Baekgu been in a dither before the rough water flow caused by the rain disappeared like that.. I need to get going (The location where Baekgu disappeared) She must've jumped to this side since the water is high over there She'd have only gotten hypothermia if she stayed here Baekgu must've realized that she fell into danger that she made an inevitable choice for her survival I think it was the right choice for her, considering her current situation then Since that day No one could find Baekgu anymore I felt my heart aching as I couldn't find her anymore Hope she's alive and is sent to a good family Madam : Hello~ / Yes, sir~ Baekgu showed up in front of the store : Said she's in good shape (fortunately) The dog's alive, fortunately She'd show her face and leave occasionally For Baekgu who would come back, the madam fills the meal bowl full again Baekgu! will you show up again..? Stay tuned for part 2 