She broke into my house! Trespasser Smart cookie Right in here, here This big one, here The humongous one The humongous one There!! Makes an appearance Gongsoon, Peacock Villager : Pretty, huh? She should've been caught red-handed But she's too pretty that we can't arrest her now Since a year ago The peacock who has often been witnessed in front of the mister's house It was quite baffling to see a peacock who came into my house, I had no clue where she came from Not knowing her first or last name, Been roaming about the village Fortunately, Aww.. Oh, do you know her? Yeah, she comes to my house almost every day Thanks to kind villagers, Gongsoon hasn't experienced any inconveniences(?) You came to eat? Gongsoon, wanna eat up? (Bon appetit) I scattered food a little on the street, at first But then she came to eat Since then, I've been feeding her, little by little (at home) Open this doorman Villager : She goes out as soon as I open the door What, she's a bird tho Does she walk out? That's what she said This peacock right here doesn't spread her wings for nothing YEET SKIRRRR Anyway, that's what she said (Hope nobody saw this) Excuse me,  it's all recorded here Broadcast fellas Take this Dang it This birdie needs a lesson Professor Cho Sam-Rae : I think she is still a chick, a female one It'll be difficult to find her owner because there are tons of peacock owners out there Some might think peacocks are confined Since they're kept in a cage for rearing But by their ecological nature, they feel a sense of stability by staying with companies Decide to capture her In the yard where Gongsoon often visits Done preparing for a capture plan What the hell dude Gongsoon, All you gotta do is Walk into in just that easy Closes Yo, you were caught so easily man Chillaxin' I feel like I'm going to cry Though I know she's going to a better place but it's kinda bittersweet No worries Gongsoon, from now on Will live with her friends in the park near the village! I believe she'll get along well with both male and female ones Will take extra care of her and raise her better Gongsoon, blessings are all yours Thank you hoomans <3 