Peace was never an option in a hot-mess, Bulldogs' house Dem troublemakers are quarantined (Locked up thoroughly) As tranquility has come finally, father gets relieved and goes to work Just shoved for once.. (All ran out..) I thought I didn't lock the cage by accident (at first) Then I came to suspect that 
someone opened it on purpose as it kept being opened Suspects are three
who were outside Among them, 
Sunny is (Sunny) Doesn't like to meet Lisa since Lisa has a nasty temper Sunny wouldn't open the cage for Lisa, 
worrying she would get bitten by her again Since she has no motives, She's off the list of suspects! Now two are left. The criminals always return to the scene of the crime Creating the same situation.. (Naturally goes out) Two hours later Ai~goo, it's open again. 
Look! They're out again!! Everybody's out
The door wide open It's all recorded on camera~ Phantom walks to the door? Just sniffs and leaves~ Now it's Kenzo Touches Touches Using his dented face, lifts the doorknob~ and pushes it for a bit Opens Ugh!! Kenzo opened it, it was Kenzo FREEDOM Bluffing Yo! This is Kenzo-magic Then he goes straight up to Lisa's room Will ya eat treats with meh if I open it? Unlocks it smoothly! The last door too! Piece of cake It's good that he opened it but what'll come after is what matters.. (Problems occur here and there) (Kenzo running away) Don't put me on this~ We gotchu on camera, you rascal Wasn't meh (Pretending not knowing)
I think he learned how to open it before Over the knees, he's learned how to unlock the cage (Scanning) I think he unlocked it for the females inside to come out 'Kenzo' the Lenardo Dicaprio of Bulldogs The past days enjoying free dates.. (Locked girlfriends) (A single life with loose ends) Imma take you out That's how he mastered how-to-unlock skills Eventually, reinforce the locking device! Functional testing, checked Masterkey Kenzo's placed in a solitary room Wut the hecc.. Am I confined? Come here!! Kenzo whispers something to Phantom You know what I'm saying, right? Time passes Came to allow him free time, but.. Free time already Kenzo is in there? / Yeah Kezno, still confined Innocent Phantom is the only one who was out (The only witness) Huh..?  / Oh my Phantom walks to the door (Conspiring someting) The meeting on fire Soon after.. A marvelous chin skill And.. Skillful I can open it even with my eyes closed~ Phantom, come over here Come here, Phantom Sigh, when did you learn that, huh!! I, Phantom.. been overshadowed by Kenzo that I couldn't date a girl not even for once Forever-alone Phantom / 
Forever-can't-be-alone Kenzo Bro, that's enough? Opening the door = Scoring a chance to date Phantom dreamt of dating with unlock-the-door skills Dude.. You guys are quite a smart cookie~ My precious gems~
It's great that you guys are smart but hope you guys make fewer troubles and be supa happy PLEASEEEEEE 