Come.. Come to me, hurry Young-Gu: ..... "Come to me.." Though she tries to move upon a desperate calling Her body doesn't seem to respond as she likes As if she's frustrated by it, Groaning Young-Gu accidentally pees on herself What's really happened to Young-Gu.. My son.. was particularly fond of her Hasn't been long since he's gone to heaven. The son took in Young-Gu who used to wander about the neighborhood After her son's passing, she was in such despair, even stop eating and drinking.. After that(the passing) she kept on whimpering, crying, 
so I let her loose.. Young-Gu who left the house just like that, Screeching It hit her. 
If a car hits and halts, that'd be fine. But that car ran over her. Though they were aware they'd hit the dog The car ran over Young-Gu once more and rushed out of the scene Due to the accident, her legs were completely disabled.. And the tail has been ripped apart, exposing the bone inside Grandmother feels what has happened to Yong-Gu is all her fault Yet what breaks her heart even more is.. Granddaughter: The doctors said they can't do anything about her So we just got a week-worth medication,
 not being able to get surgery. They said There's no other way aside from taking medications Let's eat~
Have some food However, Not only did she refuse to eat dog food, but also the meat.. Been a week since she rejected any kinds of food It burns her family's heart 
that they can't do anything better for her.. Only hope that she could walk.. That's my only wish.. Oh, dear god.. Will we be able to make their one and only hope to come true..? Challenge Accepted As soon as they arrive at the hospital The medical staff check on her hind legs Soon, she collapses, unable to take a step further from where she was Yet, as her hind leg was given a stimulus, Flinch Has a reaction..! Kim Hyun-Soo, Vet / SNU Veterinary Hospital:
If the nerves were damaged, that could have made her legs impossible to use But thankfully, we found that the nerves are still intact.. Quite a traumatic wound on the tail Prof. Kang Byung-Je / SNU Veterinary Hospital: 
There're some parts where the skins necrosed, coccyx's exposed as well Might need to amputate if necessary. For a better precision of the medical check A detailed examination's proceeded. Prof. Kang Byung-Je / SNU Veterinary Hospital: 
The diagnosis is called, a 'Compound Fracture' at the pelvis (Young-Gu's pelvis) Ilium Sacrum Pubis Quite a lot of parts are fractured into pieces. Hence, we need to proceed with surgery as soon as possible. Since the nerves of her legs are still intact,
every second of this moment is crucial Perhaps, this might be Young-Gu's last shot.. But..! Is it stuck in between the fat layers? By the unexpected situation The surgery's taking much longer Will Young-Gu.. be able to finish the surgery without any troubles..? To be continued in Part 2.. 