Paid a visit to the shop where an unidentified noise kept being heard Informant : I'm not sure if the noise is coming from the ceiling or inside there I could hear it when I tried to, and sometimes I couldn't I think I just heard it But nothing's heard now.. Informant : I'd point at one if it's the only spot where the sound is coming from Right now! This is how it makes noises.. It could be heard from here, and sometimes on the other side.. Let's find about the noise Nothing's on this side.. Check the other side too.. Nothing's found here as well We checked inside the wall because we thought we heard the noise there last Sep Then a kitten was discovered and rescued it Now the kitten is staying with me at my home "I'm Aeng-du' Since I rescued a cat before I assumed it could be the sound of a cat that I listened to the sound more attentively She's concered that there might be another cat again like last year Hence install cameras everywhere to find out about the noise It's a cat! Why do you have that flustered look on your face though Soon after Found another cat! Another one again! Seeing its small figure, this one looks like a baby kitten.. Again..? My god.. Where have you all been? But.. Another cat again?! How many cats are here in total? Including four kittens, six in total live on the ceiling By the way, the little kittens are busy romping around without grasping the situation It's no wonder why people could hear the noise... The adult who's supposed to stop them hangs along with them Embarrassing as it is It can be accused of causing noise between floors Reveal the truth about the noise to the staff members who never imagined there would be a big cat family in the ceiling Informant : There's another one! How many kittens are there, seriously! Staff : Never knew there would be that many. Thought it would be one or two maximum Informant : Never thought there would be six in total.. I'm astounded Korea is the tribe of meal' Bring the water and meal Informant : Help yourself~ Make sure to eat them all up! As if they've been starving, the cat family comes out one by one as soon as the woman disappears Now they're swarming around the food The cat seems to be happy, seeing her kittens filling their tummy in so long Informant : Aeng-du could've been one of them if he/she weren't discovered by me The big cat could be Aeng-du's mother, right?
PD : That's possible Informant : Thinking about not being able to rescue Aeng-du's mom would've broken my heart Following last year, the cats have been hiding in the shop There must be a passage connected to the inside of the building The expert checks where the cats stay Expert : That hole is big enough for the mother cat to go back and forth Look into the backside of the building this time Expert : As you can see, there are so many cat hairs Cat hairs, feces, and so forth are found It was the main passage the cats go into the building Many hideouts for cats exist as the residential area which was built in the past and commercial area are joined together Since so many cats live together in one spot, however, the chances of being caught by male cats on the way of getting food are high If spotted by other males, they might harass them, in the worst case, they might take their breath away Being aware of such fact, the mother cats must have been looking around to find the spot where they can keep their kids safe and they chose the ceiling as the best hideout for the kittens, I assume The mom cats who've raised their kittens while walking through this pipe But the problem has occurred lately.. Neighbor shop owner : It's a wide-open space up there, it's the rooftop above my shop.. Think it was blocked a week ago.. Neighbor shop owner : The building owner blocked the roof as it leaks There wasn't a lot of mutations in the eye, and most of the time... But that doesn't mean it's not completely dried. Considering all sorts of situations, those cats must be isolated for about a week or so. The recent repair work blocked the passage where the cats use to go outside That's why the cat family managed to survive drinking stagnant water from the air conditioner. Moreover, the ceiling has a lot of dangerous facilities, which doesn't guarantee their safety anymore The rescue is decided. Since the cats could drop off to the floor during the rescue, the rescue has begun after cleaning up the stuff in the shop Rescue team leader : We're gonna have to put two traps on top of each other, and rescue them in a way that the door closes when they get in at the same time. Planning to rescue the two bing ones who are quite wary, using the capture cage Thought they would come inside the capture cage as they've starved for so long Soon after.. People : They came!! Where are their mothers though? Embarrassed by an unexpected development.. Meanwhile, the kitten who must have been starving is already inside the cage and starts digging in But then! People : The grown up came! One of two approaches near the capture cage Soon after, the remaining one comes out as well..! You go into it, hurry.. Done! All two adult cats are rescued! Rescue team leader : I think we should lure the other two by using the mother's cry or something to eat. Thank god they didn't get hurt Ooohh!! The one who wasn't seen moved and fell right off. Don't think it recognized the hole Thank got it didn't get hurt.. Now only one's left Rescued the last one as well Their health is concerned as they were isolated for a week It has running nose and infected by virus Vet : They're old enough to get weaned off. They would've been in danger if they were not rescued Mom's milk is running out and there's no food.. Getting medical check-up to see if they're exposed to other diseases Fortunately, it's not feline panleukopenia. Diarrhea is caused by an environmental factor and roundworms. Once they're treated they'll improve soon with their good condition They don't seem to have any infectious diseases The test result came out fine as well The thing is, both are feeble and still breastfeeding them They're likely to be sisters They'd become sensitive after delivery But without getting edgy, they're child-rearing together Vet : Finding ways for each to become happy is what we should ponder The motherc cats still has those strong wild instincts After going through TNR, they should be released together the kittens are manageable enough to be adopted to a new family The informant came to see a cat family who had to stay in the hospital for recovery Informant : One of them must be Aeng-du's mom. I promised Aeng-du that I will save her mother too Thanks to the informant to listened to even a small voice, the cat family could come out to the world Hope they could kick off their new life, meeting good families after all 