I genuinely wondered how they ended up into the farm.. Got shocked by it when I got a call Thank god each of them got their own owners Got away from the living hell.. Foreign Adoption Organisation 'HSI' :
So we can keep 'em for a while and send for foreign adoptions Stay well there~ 40 dogs who were sent for a new life However! While we were checking 'microchips' 
just in case, and we detected some of them ep.07 Finding family.. Korean Animal Welfare Association 'Life' :
They were planned for foreign adoptions So while they were going through some health checkups, We were able to check the 'animal registration number' Lee Chan-Jong, Animal Behaviorist :
We found a ray of hope to find their original owners! The dog who was found with 'animal registration number'.. Do you recall this dog? The star of 'EP.05', the hero of our thumbnail One who barked as enthusiastic 
as he can while visiting the scene During the rescue, this one stood out the most And! We've found a glimpse of hope for him Its name says 'Dubu' Dubu~ As his name's called, 'Dubu' runs into the arms We suspect that this one's kept 
in the Cheonju city-owned dog shelter As we searched through the list of missing pets in that region.. Isn't he this one?! Gosh it's him! / This is him! An advert appears to be Dubu which has been registered since 2019 Current 'Dubu' 	Picture on the advert Said he's 'adopted' Status Completed(Adopted) The information that we can see from here is quite limited Will we be able to find the owner who adopted Dubu.. 'Who' adopted him.. That's what I was curious about, so I asked the local government And.. they said the adoptee is from Seoul,
 which is a total surprise We've searched the engine since we found a lost dog He's called, 'Dubu' Dubu's adoptee: Dubu?! Dubu's adoptee: I mean.. Uh.. That dog.. Dubu's adoptee: Far back in the days, I brought a lost dog from Cheongju Dubu's adoptee: and sent him to one I knew well You've sent him to another person? Dubu's adoptee: Yes Yes Shim In-Seop Korean Animal Welfare Organization 'Life' :
The adoptee is registered as Dubu's owner Yet in fact, he's not the one who adopted Lee Chan-Jong Animal Behaviorist  :
The adoptee's colleague said he/she'd like to adopt him So the adoptee sent him away Dubu brought to a home located in Seoul, about a year and half ago Then how did he end up on the dog farm? Dubu's owner : Gosh, uh.. 
I'm quite panicked now.. Should have called you earlier.. Could you speak more slowly and patiently Dubu owner : I think it's been 3-4 months since the dog was sent off 3~4 months ago? Dubu owner : Where I sent the dog is ----- 
You can find it on the internet I've speculated on a lot of possibilities, including a missing case But it turned out to be something we didn't expect.. The owner said, the dog's sent to some 'Company' What's he talking about? As soon as we go to the company's website Decided to hear the explanation from the owner.. Dubu owner :
Firstly, I'm feeling the utmost guilty to the dog right now.. I brought him in a day before he was scheduled to be euthanized My second child was bitten by him from the very first day Dubu is docile and patient, most of time But Dubu turns sensitive depending on the situation When he's examined for a medical checkup right after his rescue, He had to wear a neck collar.. Dubu owner :
So I started private training.. You mean home-visiting training? Yeah He seems to get better but then it gets worse again.. Thought he'd got better after some time, but then he got worse.. When I was about to give up on him Then I found the institution and went, "Oh, there's a center like this?" Dogs there, won't ever get euthanized until they meet their new owner and are kept in a wider space with such a devoted care
while getting their behavior fixed I paid about $990 including the payment for behavioral correction Lee Chan-jong/ Animal Behaviorist :
Those who ended up giving up their pet dogs Pay the money, and the company who got paid will find the dogs' new homes.. Vet Han Jae-woong  :
I don't know how to describe it, but if I have to 
then.. it can be called 'a new type of business' I didn't know there's a company like such where we can pay to send off the dogs exists The company took Dubu in as an exchange of $990 And a month later A young man adopted him "I decided to adopt him because I liked him at a first glance" This is what I heard from the company I was very relieved after hearing it Then yesterday, people talked about the video(about Gimpo dog farm) Then I saw 'Dubu' because that leash is what I gave him It was blue, 'Navy leash' Yeah, right We gave him that leash, sigh.. When the dog was rescued It looks like a leash Dubu wore a navy leash around his neck We have to make it clear of how the dog ended up in Gimpo dog farm from the company where they get paid to take him For instance, it's to find out 
whether or not a person who adopted the dog once again abandoned him, whether the dog was sent to the Gimpo farm.. The crew paid a visit to the company Who adopted 'Dubu' then?! We call out for your support. 