Barely escaping from the throes of death which knocks on the door all the time, A small dog's been struggling in despair Perhaps she wants to check that she's alive.. Trying so hard to stand up as best as she can but ends up getting drained out.. A miracle is all this little creature needs the most..! If she's a human, I'd say she's in a coma The body temperature fluctuates without getting controlled now It should be in a normal range at some point and goes up or down at a certain time The brain part of regulating temperature is damaged What's happened to the dog whose brain function is broken due to an unfortunate accident? Someone buried the pet dog alive A terrifying incident put everyone in shock The victim of such feeble creature was this dog who was buried alive on purpose.. What held the people's attention was a dim crying on the way to work on a regular day Resident : People heard something on the way here, and after they looked around.. I could't find any traces of a dog's existence but just heard its groaning sound with the bush shaking at the same time Resident : Do you see the ground hole over there?
PD : Yeah
Resident : That's where the dog's discovered The dog's groaning sound coming out from the bush on the side of the road At the moment of looking into it, thinking its weird! Found a sack buried on the ground Initial witness : You know its muzzle... was stuck out a bit The groans which came out from the open gap of the sack was from this little, fine puppy's nose and mouth who was buried alive. Though she barely breathes with a droopy body in a coma The dog's deifinitely breathing.. Why on earth she was buried on the ground... She could save her life fortunately But still stands in the threshold of death or life Her brain function is broken after oxygen has stopped being provided Vet : She must have been exposed to hypoxia quite a long time She can't walk with her right front leg and hind leg / Just the right side? Vet : Just the right side. The whole part of the brain must be damaged The left part of her body is completely paralyzed due to nerve damage Nurse : Her body would turn this way that hinders her from standing up right But still, it's a miracle that she's alive in such condition Yet..! Vet : Found a slap mark on the right eye where the eyelid is swollen with a gushing below the eye, which apparently was created by an inflict Regardless of the brain functioning, the scar around the eyes is inflicted by a huge impact What happened to the dog before she was buried in a sack Day 3 after the incident, the truth hasn't been revealed For the sake of the dog who hasn't let go of her life yet We need to find the cause of such dreadful tragedy The investigation on site is carried out as the CCTV footage nor the witness hasn't come out yet PD : Found traces that show it was paved with a shove The culprit came back and forth... But the weird thing is The spot was too open to commit such terrible incident Moreover The sack wasn't tied but rolled up like this Why did the culprit bury the dog without tying the sack? Also, the harness being cut not loosened is what makes it look weird as well Initial witness : If the culprit was her owner, the harness wouldn't have been cut.. Someone might have cut the harness when she was tied up in somewhere and rolled the sack with the dog in it and buried them on the ground.. Maybe it was her owner who buried her..? If not, why would someone r be committing such a cruel crime to a total stranger's dog? Animal Protection Group : She was discovered on Aug 4th Around that date, no missing case looking for a Maltese dog wasn't reported If such incident had been a huge issue, her owner must have desperately looked for her, but there was none, which is weird Resident : If one had a grudge against the dog owner they would've just taken her breath, not burying her alive The culprit must be her owner Checking whether she's microchipped Nurse : No chip is found / No? / No Maybe she's abandoned then? PD : How old is she then?
Nurse : At least over 5 years old, 7 or 8? Vet : The size of the liver and other elements are all in a normal range according to the tests Any fractures or other symptoms are not shown as well for now There's no special reason why she would be abandoned, especially in a cruel way. Moreover.. Nurse : It hasn't been long since her hair got trimmed Her hair was trimmed just a few weeks ago! It's certain that she had been cared by someone else Then why had she ended up in such devastating condition? And no one ever comes to find me..? It was 8:45 AM when she was discovered There might be a witness as the dog could survive without oxygen for 2-3 hours to the longest I didn't see anything.. There's even no CCTV around here. Who could have watched it.. It's so scary.. PD :  Do you remember anyone you saw last Monday..
Man : Not a single one because no one was out when I'm was here I walk pass here before 7:00 AM PD : Have you seen anyone suspicious? / Not at all Didn't you hear anything weird? / Not at all The clues barely come out.. Maybe we can find the clue from a sack? Owner : It's a sack containing waste or recycled waste More than 10 sheets of it are used when moving out to throw the garbage away PD : Do people get this when they move out? / Yeah to throw away the trash while moving out Then maybe the harness would give us an answer..? Store owner : It's the most popular one
PD : And also quite common too?
Store owner : You're right Day 5 after the incident Any witnesses or someone who looks for the dog haven't shown up yet Expert : The dog was buried at this spot? PD : Yeah, she was buried here and the traces of shoving remain Expert : There's a trace of a shovel shoving down on the ground where the cross-section is exposed, hence, firstly, the culprit is not a female since it's physically challenging for a woman to do so because only a man could jump over there and push the shovel down from the top Secondly, it would've been too complicated for one to commit such crime adventively The more complicated the process is, the clearer that it's done with intention and vengeance According to the expert, there must be a legitimate reason for the dog being buried Expert : No dogs would have stayed still when they were buried alive What's fortunate though, is that the dog seemed dead when he was in the sack that the culprit didn't feel the need of tying the sack Who was the man Chorong met on that day? Expert : One who are willing to dump the dead body usually goes into the mountain rather than finding a spot like here The fact that the culprit found the desolate area in the city indicates that he/she is aware quite well of this area Day 6 Been searching the CCTV and the dashcam around the incident site Then received unexpected news from the factory near the site Factory owner : He took two dogs on that day He tied them here and they were barking so loudly So I asked him to take them away as soon as possible A day before the incident A man was with two dogs The owner thinks one of them looks like the one who was buried Is that really her? The investigation on the man in the footage begins The man comes out after being questioned PD : Hello
Man : Don't film me.. PD : Is the guy who was questioned the dog owner? Police : Based on what's shown so far, he's the owner The harness the man submitted to the police It was the same as the one around the dog If he's the owner, why hasn't he looked for his dog until now? Stay tuned for part 2 