A thing that grabbed the local residents' attention, I always check on him when I'm passing by~
whether he's well and fine Everyone knows about him in this town The hottest issue maker whom everyone knows about in the entire town The truth about him is.. What da hecc is that? / A squirrel That ain't for sure! Is that a RAT?? An otter.. Meerkat.. maybe a sea otter.. Who is he to cause such a heated conversation.. The stones which are aligned nicely next to the staircase Turns out, this guy's been living right under the staircase Taking a cautious look into it.. Yet it isn't easy to take a precise observation If that so Here comes an endoscopy camera What we found in there is.. Some tree branches?! At that moment, the camera began to shake He's biting it! He still does right now The true self of this mysterious being is.. a prairie dog! No, wait~!! Okayy, I won't When we say 'prairie dog' we talk about ones who make living in highlands
 as a group of tones, hundreds of them And in the case of Korea, we can only see them in a zoo What on earth is this prairie dog up to, in the middle of the city.. Thanks to this guy, the staircase has recently risen up as a hot place SQUIRREL! He's there, hidden in there! Kids come and go every day to have a glance at him Yet, as if he's quite overwhelmed by the interests he gets from the locals, He hides deep inside underneath the staircase.. Guess he hid away because we're too loud? As the residents got tired of waiting have drifted away, 
and the surroundings went quiet The prairie dog walks out of the staircase at last And begins to dig a hole in the ground The prairie dogs usually dig a hole in the wild and make a living there 
in the first place Following his natural instinct, he works on it for a while, 
and built an earth wall at last The next thing he does is collecting a few tree branches And bring them to his safe spot, mending all those branches he collected The branches are known to be perfect to comprise for the beddings, 
in terms of heat reservance, humidity control, and cushiness The local residents are feeding some things to eat, 
in support of his hard-working, independent life Some sweet sliced apples~ are defo not his taste I went by yesterday, and saw someone else took care of his food There's some apple slices? Brought him some food as well Hey, how about some pumpkins? 
You wanna try some sweet pumpkins? Being served hearty meals every breakfast, lunch, and dinner But still, it's tricky to fit his taste Must be feeling stuffed This time, here comes some lettuce Woah.. he comes at it straight away Such a happuy life you have there Anyway.. That(the prairie dog) wasn't there at first,
but just popped up out of nowhere Heard it's been two weeks since he showed up Guess he already knows that the locals won't harm him Turns out he has absolute ZERO wariness Looking from him nestled in there, 
someone might have thrown him away out here just like that No CCTV found in the close surroundings Wouldn't the one who kept the prairie dog be living amongst the local residents? Never heard of someone keeping him, have you? NEEEEVER Don't really know Finding his owner doesn't appear to be easy As the night comes.. A cat comes down the staircase.. (The prairie dog, not knowing what's going on) The cat slowly approaching the entrance of the prairie dog's safe haven Our crew hurriedly shoo the cat off Yet, where the cat ran away is just under the staircase.. Once again, with the help of our crew, 
he was able to evade the chance of being attacked by the cat Life on the street that is open to unforeseeable dangers.. The next day To make matters worse, it is pouring And we can't get a glimpse of him anywhere Perhaps, he has moved his haven to somewhere else, or even worse, attacked by the cat See him? No I can't The prairie dog doesn't show himself anywhere for the entire morning He's there, look Thankfully, he looks alright.. But we can't just neglect him in such a situation 
where the dangers luring everywhere He's a black-tailed prairie dog, a family of squirrels Generally, they began to make their names from the zoo Raised as a pet a lot these days The expert says he appears to have been raised in the hands of people Separating the bathroom and the bedroom, 
if he's been out here long, he wouldn't have set those places here and there It's still in the middle of construction, 
in preparation for his independent home The prairie dog has been working on standing on his own for all this time However.. The issue will be the winter. Especially Korean winter, 
that makes everything difficult for him to adapt Should search for any zoos nearby, so he can blend into the group of the same pieces, 
same kinds of prairie dogs, and live a life there Since the prairie dogs live in big groups Decided to help him to offer a better environment! Luring him with the food But as if he's already got a hint of it, he rushes back and hides below the staircase.. Though we place the lettuce, which is his fave snack, 
that doesn't work either Not at all interested in the food Now that we're thinking.. He's way more interested in the architectural materials, rather than the food Uninterested to our worries, he's busy decorating his own house Then, change of plan! Going to lure him with the dry grass instead! But at that moment.. A cat emerges from his house!! Meanwhile, the prairie dog doesn't have a clue of what's going on in his house What an explosive situation.. Uuh!! The cat!! Our crew urgently shoo the cat away Yet rather, the prairie dog rushes out,
and the cat runs towards the flowerbeds With such coincidence, he happens to step inside the capturing tool!! Rescue succeeds!! The first thing is to check the health condition, 
headed straight to the animal clinic! The age, I suspect, six to seven months, in his growth phase He's male, probably be growing two times bigger than he is now But generally, if a prairie dog is raised domestically, 
they're mostly grown obese or overgrown But this one here, he has a healthy body condition, rather swift Thankfully, greenlight on his health condition! Now he's moving to a new home A bunch of prairie dogs, not only will be his friends, but also a family Under a glaring spotlight, moves in Hmm he's getting the spotlight for sure The act of kissing means they're in favor of him Keeper : The group shows no wariness, but hospitality more than I expected, 
smelling, approaching him first or such I think, there wouldn't be much of an issue with him moving into the group Just like his hospital character, he adapts to the new environment real quick Best way to be friends is to have fewd together! Naturally, our guy blends in "Just like you were a social butterfly in that neighborhood" "Hope you can impress the rest of the group as well!" 