Plenty of stray cats are surviving through tough life on the streets today as well Informant : The cat who was totally fine and ate well showed up with a face with a huge wound as if he got severely inflicted The cat been feeding on the food the informant gave showed up with a huge wound on his face The skin is peeled off with the flesh exposed.. What's happened to the cat? Head to the alley to find the cat PD : Uh? Who's that?
Informant : Oh, that's the one who's been feeding on herself for long in this hood The informant has been feeding them for 5 years already since it's a residential area with so many stray cats dwelling on But the cat we're looking for isn't seen PD : You can't find him right?
Informant : He'd come after hearing other cats gathering around At that moment when wondering why the cat who would always come at the right time when the informant comes isn't seen Informant : Uh! The cat's over there
PD : What? Informant : Ah.. The cat's over there.. The cat couldn't come this way
PD : Is that him? The cat's scared upon seeing the strangers that he's hiding under the vehicle Informant : Bosung~ Bosung
PD : Does he have a name? / Yeah, he's Bosung Because he's brave and healthy like Kim Bo-sung (Famous figure in Korea) She even named him Bosung because he was such a brave boy before he got injured After his face's wounded, he started avoiding people, showing the utmost wariness Informant : After what happened to his face, he became a bit intimidated The cat even wouldn't let the informant, who's been feeding him, come close to his side The portion for Bosung always ends up in the other cat's stomach He must be starving but he wouldn't leave under the car But why on earth has his face got injured like this? Informant : His face was swollen to the point where I thought he got stung by a bee A lot had come into my head.. Anyway it was pretty swollen Then after months, the swollen area started gushing The cat who turned up swollen as if he got stung by a bee one day covered with oozes all over his face That evening, the cat isn't seen by a sudden rain The cat already left under the cat where he stayed for long Go find somewhere else PD : You can't find him?
AD : Can't find him Wonder what the cat's doing in this monsoon AD : Something's up over there?
PD : Where, where
AD : There. The cat sat over there Is that really him? Carefully approaches.. It's Bosung! But.. PD : No, no. It's okay As soon as he sees the crew The cat runs away again Due to his severe wariness which won't allow the crew to see his face properly and as the rain gets heavy The crew decided to withdraw.. Next day The informant came early in the morning to check if the cat's fine by a sudden rain through all night The rescue attempts were carried out multiple times so far, but all were failed due to his vigilant demeanor PD : You must be concerned when it rains once in a while like today Informant : Yeah, that's true.. He should be hiding well But I think he can't be active enough because he's unwell now.. Informant : Bosung~ Bosung~ Bosung isn't seen Informant : Have you seen a white cat?
Resident : I don't know.. Actually I saw the one with an injured face while walking around here
Informant : That's the one we're looking for! PD : Did you see him?
Resident : What? PD : I asked you if you saw him or not
Resident : Yeah, it's been long since he ended up like that.. He looked so terrible with such injury all over his face PD : Oh, I see..
Resident : He'd be crouched here and there.. and get scared of people He runs away even when I call him pretty Since we can't just sit back and watch Place food everywhere to wait for the cat to appear Bosung makes an entrance Perhaps he was starved, he gobbles down the food Bosung left in the end after looking around out of anxiety It would've been nice if he ate at ease, but it's upsetting that he couldn't Are you all right? Since the wound would get worse as the weather is getting hot,  we decide to rescue him asap The thing on his ear indicates that he's spayed Such cats already experienced being trapped in a capture cage which makes it hard to catch him with it It's not going to be easy.. Rescuing with the capture cage won't be handy as he already has a similar experience and became sensitive due to his unwell condition So we prepared, A drone trap The informant prepares the cat food he has been feeding on and place it in the parking lot where he often comes around and wait He showed up? It wasn't Bosung.. Perhaps the cat has starved, the cat fills its tummy and leaves quietly... Another cat, hey there..? Maybe this cage is known for a good restaurant among the cats in the hood? Cats are even lined up to eat food.. Bosung who should've shown up didn't come at last.. After heavy rain stopped, the informant sets out to find Bosung Yet..! Will that be Bosung..? Bosung's here Rescue team : Oh, the cat's going in Bosung starts eating... Now is the perfect timing..! PD : Press the button! Finally.. Succeeds in rescuing him! Rescue team : We got him!
PD : Did we? / Yeah No no no, it's okay Bosung romps crazily upon an unexpected situation Informant : I thought we couldn't catch him.. After the rescue, Bosung's moved to the hospital Due to his severe injury, comprehensive tests including X-ray and CT scans were conducted to find the exact cause. Vet : The tests were conducted based on the possibility that a variety of reasons could have put him in such a condition All the tests are telling us that he's suffered a lot in despair due to cancer tumor The malignant tumors are spread all over his body Vet : If he let anyone to come closer, especially the one who takes care of stray cats in any regions, his injury could've been noticed But the thing is, it's not possible in real life It's the dark side of the stray cats' life.. What's going to happen to Bosung then..? Vet : No treatment would do any good to him in such condition Injecting food through a tube so that he won't get starved and treating him to reduce the pain would be the best for him now For now, reducing the pain caused by the tumor is the only thing he can do.. Hope he won't lose hope even when in the utmost despair and endures bravely just like what his name means Wish a miracle comes again once more to Bosung.. 