Where the people are pointing at there's a woman standing perilously on the window, throwing something What she's casting with all her strength is... pet food?! Go meet the woman to find out who she is Without getting disturbed by the crew's visit, The woman goes up to the window again with food and snack in the plastic bag PD : Be careful.. Isn't it dangerous? One false step will put you in danger! Her family holding her leg tightly For what sake is she risking her life? She sticks out as much as she can and throws the bag to make it land on the roof So many food bags everywhere in the roof.. Informant : There, on the rooftop A cat sticks out her face in the corner of the rooftop The cat tries to hide as best as she can and moves around the roof very carefully The cat walks toward the food bag She's been feeding on the food from the woman for a month now PD : You mean the cat can't come down?
Informant : I don't think she can. I thought she could But she has been stuck in there for a month now At first, she thought it wasn't a big deal Yet even after a few days passed by, she could find the cat roaming about the roof all day... At first, I saw a little one being droopy The cat was found on the roof, not being able to move around The cat could build up the energy through eating food the woman threw The cat desperately cries at people passing by She's meow at the back of the people but when they disappear from her sight, she stops She must have gone up on her own But it's clueless why she doesn't come down.. PD : You can't come down? / Meow! PD : Are you saying that you can't? / Meow~ I called 911 and when officers came, she ran away The food gets a little bigger when it goes to the stomach If it happens, she must feel thirsty She's put fruits and ice instead after she failed to throw water several times She needs to put herself out the window as much as she can to make it land on the roof exactly But it only succeeds in fifty-fifty chance Gosh.. Seriously.. It's frustrating.. It'd be much safer to throw it from the first floor But it doesn't reach the roof that easily.. That's why she came up with the idea of throwing it from the window Succeeded this time! I don't think she's able to go down since she's too young Yet.. She went up there on her own, so she can come down as well It's not she can't come down, but she wouldn't.. The owner of the roof house insists that the cat doesn't come down on purpose She can jump from that roof to the next one The ends are connected It turns out that the roof, where the cat stays, is linked to the next house and stairs are below the connected roofs Then why on earth has she not left the roof then? On top of that, The cat walks freely around the rooftop, not being anxious at all She even looks relaxed as if she can even hunt birds Been watching the cat all day long and found she would only walk around the roof without ever thinking about leaving where she is That's how the night passed Today as well, the informant throws food at him Can't or don't come down, that is the question If she could go down, she could come and eat, and ask for more food She wouldn't go down from the roof But left feces everywhere The top of the roof where she can't drink or hide at all Informant : It must be so cold To the roof in which one can hardly lie down at ease life a box up to the roof with a long stick The cat approaches close to the box with curiosity After watching it for a while, As if she knew that it's going to be her house, the cat gets inside You stay there for a moment We will bring an expert here It looks like she's in a good shape. I don't think she can't come down She's put in a situation that stops her from coming down Or she feels some sort of anxiety or danger Cats fought below here One of them nearly lost its life while fighting There are so many of them like that who fight so bad.. Stray cats fight over territory quite severely in this village As one of them appears, the cat on the roof moves away as if she's petrified It's crystal clear that a territorial fight among cats has stopped her from coming down! For the safety of both the woman and cat, the rescue begins! Goes up to check the environment of the roof.. Every space around the roof is blocked The reason why she came up all the way here is not to hide herself Away from the savage world of street cats, the cat has been relying on the help she gets from the roof For a better living condition for the cat, the rescue begins While everyone's watching, the cat goes close to the capture cage After watching out for a while, the cat carefully goes into the cage All she needs to do is to step on the device inside the cage.. PD : Why it doesn't shut? Binge-eating... I guess she's eating without putting her front legs down The cat eats the food inside without pressing the device to shut the cage Perhaps still feeling hungry, The cat walks into the cage again Success this time! All residents are clapping out of joy It must have been tough for you. You couldn't eat properly right No, she's been eating quite well Yeah, she got fat.. Kitty~ Are you okay? It's all right.. To check her condition, she's transferred to the hospital The cat enjoys the touches from the vet Looks supa comfy Vet : Stray cats would run away after they come out from the cage But seeing her not refusing touches or running away, she doesn't feel strange about the touch The cat been stranded on the roof for a month A surprising fact discovered during the examination! The level of antibody is pretty high, which is about at 6 Which means Level 6 of the antibody index is almost close to active immunity, which indicates that she's pre-vaccinated She was actually a home cat.. Vet : She could've been abandoned when she was not socialized enough or she came outside out of curiosity and dashed to the roof feeling terrified.. Whether she was abandoned or ran away from home remains unknown She was pushed back by the street cats and went up to the roof, which is highly possible All she could do was crying out on the roof.. Her family might be looking for her Put up a poster to find her owner in the village The informant decide to look after her until she finds her family Still feeling awkward around her house But a few days later Wonderfully adapting to her new house! Acting cute in a bonus! Let's take some time to watch her cute charms She's such a cutie pie and a hooman friendly Hope she meets a good family as she's gone through a lot before Thanks to the people who didn't ignore a small voice from the roof A precious form of life found a new life Wish you stay warm and happy with your new family for the rest of your life! 