Informant : I saw a cat with this big plastic bottle on its neck I think the cat had it since young, He got severely hurt and is bony The bottle seems to close up the cat's neck tightly There's something stuck on the cat's neck It's been two years since the cat has been roaming in such condition Informant : I don't know what it is exactly, whether it's a plastic bottle or a tape wrapped around its neck First off, visit the place where the cat often shows up Informant : It's an empty house here. It was abandoned before I think the cat usually sticks around here The cat would go back and forth The cat usually stays around that space in which people made for the cat out of pity Informant : The wound is deep that it looks painful Where has the cat gone? Informant : The cat can't go further out from here since he's sick He must be here for sure The urgent need seems essential for the cat, but he doesn't show up at all On top of the cat's extreme wariness, the overgrown grass disturbs the man finding the cat Informant : It's indistinguishable if he sits here because of his fur color It's not him, but he would look like this in the grass There he is! The cat with a vigilant look on his face sits in his spot where the informant points at and there was something on his neck! Approaches closer to check his condition, yet the cat runs away farther from the crew Despite the crew keeping quite a long distance with the cat The cat still runs away from them The cat, feeling extremely anxious, quickly runs away to underneath the roof at last PD : The cat was on this roof, right
AD : Yeah.. This is why people couldn't be able to help the cat for the past 2 years Informant : The cat would get vigilant when people approach within 5 meters around him Thought the cat went to his hideout, but found someone else instead? PD : Ma'am, hello
Old lady : Hello PD : Are you feeding the cat here?
Old lady: Yeah Perhaps she knows about the cat since she's been feeding him for 6 years now? Old lady : It's been 4-5 years now. Now that he's grown a lot He was a little kitten then The thing around his neck was tight even then Yet as he grew, as well as his neck, it must be more tightening It was 2 years, but 5 years that the cat has been in such condition Since she couldn't catch him in her hands, all she can do is put water and food at his house PD :  Cats won't come to eat when you're around?
Old lady : Yes, so I leave to make a space for them, because they might hate me being around.. So I just place food and leave Install a camera nearby as they wouldn't eat when people are around, and decide to wait until the cat turns up Soon after Drawn by the smell of food, cats gather around the meal bowl, one by one PD : The cat's here The cat showed up..! With a little bit of tension hanging on his face, the cat slowly comes down The thing around his neck confirmed to be a plumbing pipe As the cats give him a glare with wariness upon his appearance The cat can't go closer yet hesitates.. He'd just walk on eggshells when he must be starving Due to his unwell condition, the cat couldn't get along with other cats and fall behind the competition All he could is wait for other cats to finish eating Informant  : He can't eat with them
Old lady : If they leave, he'd go and eat PD : Poor kitty though
Informant : He knows that he is weak compared to them Only a few has left after the cats are done eating Today, again The cat couldn't eat and satisfies her hunger with water As the old lady, who couldn't just sit back and watch, approaches to feed her more..! The cat hurriedly moves away Yet the cat wouldn't run far away, maybe because he recognizes the lady? Grandma : Nabi, come eat this, awww Nabi~ Come here~ He hasn't eaten properly. That's why his condition is getting worse How frustrating it is that he wouldn't let her come near when she wants to rescue him from despair.. The cat barely lives through, day by day.. But even such thing seems daunting, perhaps due to the scar on his neck.. At that moment, the other stray cats show up again It's such a pity that the cat can't eat at ease and has to live amongst pains and anxieties.. Old lady : I want to take the cat to the doctor and remove the thing on his neck so that he can be free That's all I wish for. What can I do with it As how long the cat would endure in such condition remains uncertain, Decide to rescue him as soon as possible Finally, the cat shows up Rescue team : The cat's coming, the cat's coming down Then the cat stops on his way? Rescue team : The cat stopped because he saw something new which makes him feel strange... Yet the cat approaches the capture cage fortunately *grins* Rescue team : Come, quick... The cat carefully goes into the capture cage where the food is in it Rescue success! Rescue team : Hurry, go! Go and push it down! The rescue team tries to soothe the cat who's worked up The cat is petrified by an unexpected situation We could finally find out what's on his neck upon a closer look Rescue team : We received the report about  a cat who got this crooked one stuck on its neck Cats' head, which is usually pointy, went into a plumbing pipe hole but got stuck on its chin I've seen a lot of cases like him Rescue team : As you can see, these are separable. The cat put his head into it and the thing came out with his head when he tried to pull his head out The conclusion is that the pipe got stuck in his neck when he put his head into it PD : Then it wasn't done by a human, but he did it on himself? Rescue team : Yeah, it must have been an accident caused by surrounding risks One mistake has put him in agony for 5 years Old lady : Nabi, come back after you put that away and get treated Rush to the hospital first Upon arrival, the cat's moved to a surgery room to get rid of the thing around his neck After surgery, the pipe that has put him in pain for the past 5 years is finally removed Found cat's neck revealed after the removal in a devastating condition.. The sterilization and first aid are done to prevent further inflammation He should be hospitalized for further checkups.. Vet : Skin disease and muscle damage are his neck, fortunately didn't spread near his heart also, he's lucky that they didn't harm the airway or other major organs The cat won't have any critical health issues as his organs are not damaged Vet : Outdoor cats should be nimble and respond fast But the cat must have been fallen behind as he couldn't move freely as his unwell neck I can say that it's miracle that he survived until now, carrying such unfavorable conditions The cat could survive over the five years despite the severe scar on his neck because of people who strived to save such a poor critter Forget bout painful past days and we truly wish you to stay healthy and happy for the rest of your life <3 