At a care home in the suburb, C'mon~ Irwol, come over here~ This one was named 'Irwol', January in Korean, 
as he was met in January Looks like he's just an ordinary dog, full of charms.. One day, I was going to work and found him abandoned on the porch So I just didn't care that much, just thought someone forgot to take him 
I wondered, but no one's coming to find him anywhere.. At 9 am, around the time when the staffs were arriving at work, The staffs have found him sitting in the corner of the front door Thought his guardian was on the upper floor (CCTV footage then) A day before the staffs found him, around 7 in the evening See the door opened slightly, it opened only a bit 
and the dog walks in there Faintly a silhouette of a person can be seen Soon enough, the door opens and something comes inside the door,
then the person vanishes in no time.. Irwol who was left alone for ten hours since that evening, stayed up all night And was found drained Thanks to the care he got from the care home staffs, 
he was able to regain his vigor Yet, his leg seems just a bit uncomfortable.. Here, this side, it looks swollen here He feels distressed when I touch his leg like this Sorry sorry sorry 
Alright, I won't do it again Severely swollen hind leg Those wounds were there even from the day when he was found Is that the reason why he was thrown away..? We've visited an animal clinic nearby, however There's no (registered) chip sensed There weren't any signs of the owner found on him And the X-ray result says.. The shinbone and calf bone, both sides of them are fractured His badly fractured hind legs.. These fractures weren't likely to be done by an artificial impact exerted by people Rather been done by either a car or a motorbike Seeing from the condition of the fractures, 
the fractures are most likely been done a fortnight ago It was a fortnight ago when Irwol was found as well. I'm sure the owner abandoned him As he's hurt, they might have thought his injury would cost a fortune and come up with a conclusion that 
we'd take good care of him if they leave him here, I think The care home people who have been embracing Irwol as part of their family, 
who was left all alone in the first place And Irowl who's slowly gaining power in him Seems he's coming to his senses, finishes the bowl without leaving bits lately At first, he didn't even have food, stared at people instead
Didn't even flinched or moved.. Irwol's fond of people's care and touch However.. With power like that, the door's light enough for him to push open He never intends to walk out the door with his own will Although he's very curious and fond of people by nature, 
he doesn't leave outside the care home.. And when he's left all alone Irwol drags his unwell legs, by the front door and stares at it the entire day, blankly He stares outside as if he's seeing something, or waiting for something Perhaps he's been waiting for his owner, who's left without any explanation.. Still, there's something odd in which we caught in our sight The care home's quite distanced from the surrounding towns,
 in which no one happens to drop in by chance.. Wouldn't there be anyone who knows about Irwol? I don't really know.. We live by the road, so we could have spotted such an accident 
if there was one.. but we didn't see any We must know all households who keep the dogs, 
but there aren't any, as it's mostly old grandmas living in this neighborhood We could hardly find people not only who know Irwol's existence, 
but also those who keep the white dogs Furthermore, This(road) is for the visitors, but there are some who use that farm road,
but there aren't many, hardly one or two cars a day The roads nearby turns out, they are hardly used by the outsiders The only evidence that leads to Irwol's owner is CCTV footage. If the owner walks away, the dog would definitely follow 
despite that they're in such agony or pain, If it was the owner who ditched him, he'd have scratched the door (to follow) or would walk about the passage to find a way out Yet, Irwol shows none of such signs, in which the person 
who left him there might not be the owner If it was the owner who abandoned him, a dog wouldn't react as numb as Irwol in the CCTV Yet.. Irwol who favors people suddenly barks at a man who just walked into the care home I guess he's extremely scared of the black-colored clothing Even when Irwol's favorite staff approaches him in a black jacket... Irwol lifts up his guards unlike the other days and looks scared There are current cases that animals can suffer from PTSD,
 simply put, Posttraumatic Stress Disorder, he suffered a massive pain and if he'd seen a person
 in black outfit as a first thing after the pain, That'd provoke fear in him, towards the people in black clothes. As looked closely at the CCTV, the man who abandoned Irwol, 
turns out to be wearing a black jacket If the dog was found first at the care home, he should have walked into the care home, informed the care home staffs, and
most likely to say, "there's an injured dog out there, does he belong to this place?" But instead of doing that, if he left the dog there quietly, this most certainly 
means that he's the one who hurt the dog Around 7 in the evening, the time when Irwol was deserted Quite a number of speedy cars passing by the road.. Perhaps, that day, Irwol who was wandering about this road 
had got into a car accident, and the panicked driver could have found the care home, all the lights on, and therefore, he might have left wounded Irwol there.. The man who's forsaken the responsibility 
he should have taken from the accident he caused. And.. Irwol, who had to be abandoned at a strange place, 
after the hit-and-run, bearing all the pain The care home family, taking good care of him with love and devotion He's especially on my mind as he's injured
So I leave all the lights turned on, just in case he'd stay in the dark Thanks to the lady's kindness, Irwol's wounds are getting healed up day by day On the next day, busy-looking care home staff.. Irwol has surgery in Seoul today, I hope everything goes well As Irwol's recovered his spirit, he can now expect to have surgery As you can see here, 
it's almost fractured as if the bones were ground by the blender It's called Comminuted fraction, he's currently in such condition He's not really in a good condition, the surgery might be tougher For the fact that he didn't even whimper even though he must have been in such pain, staying delightful.. Feels sorry for him, for making him bear the pain, and not noticing it.. Gosh, that breaks my heart.. Out of all fracture surgeries, an operation for comminute fractions is known to be the most complex and complicated.. Irwol has finally been moved to the recovery after the 4-hours long operation.. As he's woken up from the anesthesia, he begins to 