This side here A man told us there's something down in the drain Bakegu~! Come out, have this! Uh! I hear it The sound of barking coming from the ditch All he should do is to come out.. but he just doesn't.. So I only fed him food this far There's a white dog, who's unable to come out 
from the ditch down the ground, for months As we shed lights inside, it looks like a long, pitch-dark tunnel That's the hole, and this is the ditch connected to it 100 meters-long ditch Yet, the ditch has been neglected for over a decade, 
ever since the opposite side of the ditch had been clogged.. The man has been making sure the dog is fed every day.. but Never seen him face to face, though I've been feeding him this long For what reason wouldn't the dog come out? Perhaps, he won't be able to come out though he wants to... He finished 'em / Did he? Crystal cleared bowl As we checked the camera, the dog stuck out his head from the hole when everyone has left the seat He appears to be extremely wary of his surroundings Half of his body stuck out, he hurriedly finishes his dish And gives a stare up and gets back to where he came from.. Feel relieved though, at least he's alive~ Better than sank exhausted, he's at least lively and outgoing~ Running back inside with the meat and all~ For the past few months, the man has been taking good care of him 
as much as he takes care of his crops We tried everything to scoop him up from there. 
But we really couldn't.. How on earth did the dog end up down there?? The house down there, they kept a dog there, and she gave birth to chubby one Then one day, they set him loose or the leash got loose by itself, 
either way, he ended up in there, fallen down the ditch On the day he turned 4 months old, Baekgu(the white dog) who found fun 
 out of being able to walk roamed about on his own eventually fell under the ditch without noticing there was a hole.. The man found out that he's fallen deep down, and tried to take him out.. But Baekgu~ Come out now! For food! For some reason, Baekgu never steps out from the drainage channel.. If he had known how I felt, he'd have come out already.
Since he doesn't know about it, that's why he doesn't even stick his head out Nevertheless, it's too early to give up! Just giving a shot. Since he might come out, when he smells the BBQ A plan to lure the dog with the BBQ as bait, 
and to catch him by using the trap set by the man! If he takes the bait and pulls it down, 
the lid goes down and closes (the hole) (Planned by Grandpa / Produced by Grandpa)
A rescue plan made by the grandpa! Will it succeed? Like a fisherman waiting for a big fish, the man's fighting against the clock Meanwhile, down the ditch, Baekgu slowly reacts to the smell of the BBQ Seemingly satisfied by the taste of the BBQ he tasted for the first time,
he's finishing up one by one And only the last one's left.. He's only looking around, smacking his lips, and goes back inside the channel 'These people tryna lure me out or something~' He might have thought that way.. We've decided to watch his routine through the camera a bit longer A whitish silhouette seen from the distance However.. the way he walks towards the camera looks quite bizarre.. Can't stretch his forelegs properly.. Looking panic as he sees the camera, he takes the backsteps.. The channel appears to be relatively closetlike for him.. Crouching himself like a ball, he turns back on the camera and vanishes eventually.. On top of that.. Monsoon's coming now.. It's just begun Although the drain is a decade old, and 
hence there's no possible danger of being waterlogged grandpa still worries about the dog the most I should cover the ditch with this, it's raining now Just in case his food bowl might be flooded with the rainwater, grandpa covered up the hole Won't there be a way to bring him out from that dark, narrow space? After a long talk with the professionals Decide to set up a capturing tool inside the channel! When Baekgu approaches the entrance, going to block the way out 
so he won't be able to run back inside the narrow pipe! We've decided to wait after installing the capturing cage But the time goes on, until the sun's gone down, 
he didn't even show a single strand of his hair The next day The endoscope's going in down the ditch! Even though the camera's sent deeper down, 
we can't find the dog anywhere Reached a point where the special endoscope can go furthest.. (Barking sound) Oh! Can hear him! The sound in which Baekgu's making down the drainpipe That means, Baekgu's somewhere on the other end of the channel.. Well, if that's the case, let's dig a hole on the opposite side! Doncha worry Imma dig properly so he can come out Though he dug into the ground with all the neighbors' support, 
but it wasn't enough.. For the past ten years, the ground has been layered upon the layers, 
the hole's already been clogged tight.. One last shot to lift worries in the grandpa's heart! By spraying high-pressured water that is to penetrate through the clogged drain, we've succeeded in drilling the clogged channel, 
in way of utilizing the principle of pushing the alien substance backward Public Water Leakage Discovery Cooperation staff:
by shooting the jet pressure backward, the nozzle gradually goes forward Step by step The plan is to plug the hose on one side, and spraying water in there, so we can drive the dog to the other end..! So as to capture the dog outside the hole, as safely as possible, when everything's set to go off, slowly putting the hose into the hole! A few moments later.. How long has it gone down there? Cooperation staff: 60 meters At that moment! PD: Dog, dog! He's coming out! The dog's finally sticking his head out! But immediately he springs right back inside the hole.. Takes the challenge once again! Let's plug the hose a little deeper and take time to wait That moment.. he slowly shows himself once again Bit by bit, he's stepping outside.. Succeeds in putting the rope around his body.. It's okay, okay, it's fine, everything's fine The grandpa who must have been waiting this very moment more than anyone Nice to meet you finally The neighbors began to gather around one by one Heard he's excited to finally catch him~ Man~ That was fast~ Could hear 'YAY!' from over there The dog still looks puzzled about what he's seeing from the outside In order to find out if there's anything wrong caused by his life inside the drain,
we've visited the hospital Since he's been living crouched down for months, 
he's having trouble even standing up Vet: He doesn't have anything wrong with the bone structure, 
and it's only because the muscles shrunk He'll get better if he's practiced to workout This isn't a huge problem for sure Thanks to the grandpa's devoted care, Baekgu has no problem with his health Recovering the muscles is only a matter of time! A few days later Food, have food 
Chil-Gu~ Come on, have it Even though everything feels odd and unfamiliar, he's finally got back the ordinary life You named him? Yup, since I rescued him when he was 7 months old, 
therefore Chil(seven in Korean)-Gu Chil-Gu got back a life and a new name He'll grow well, if I bring him around, do a workout in the morning, feed him well Time has to go by~ That'll heal Hope there's only a bright future ahead of Chil-Gu, filled with lights and dreams! 