Upon receiving an unbelievable report Pay a visit to an animal hospital located in an outskirt of Seoul Said the kitten whose tail got cut is being treated Vet : The kitten doesn't seem to get any treatments before. The wound seems overdue with a scab formation What's happened to the kitten's tail? Vet : There's a chance of being injured by external shocks if the kitten lived an outdoor life But the kitten has no health issues except for her tail where the possibility of one targeting the kitten's tail can't be ignored Seeing her wound formation,  it's highly suspicious that one must have cut her tail intentionally Vet : If the inflammation isn't treated properly It would get worse and lead to septicemia at worst case Even though the kitten looks fine on the surface, the wound could have taken her breath away if she were a little late to be treated Check her condition through thorough examinations Yet..! Vet : Joints are in between the bones in a tail Joints are cut when a tail is docked, which causes no big problem But since the bone is cut, not her joint, I can speculate that it must have been caused by external shocks For the purpose of treatment amputating the joints in between the bones is a norm But in her case, it was cut right in the middle of the bone We do not kow why, but what's obvious is someone cut the kitten's tail on purpose..! What's happened to them before they came to the hospital..? Decide to ask around the village to find anyone who knows about the kittens PD : Have you seen a kitten without a tail?
Resident : No Never seen such thing.. Grandma : I don't know
Grandma 2 : I didn't care about stray cats. Thought they were walking around casually.. When even a sting of a needle is painful for us, it must have been appalling for such kittens.. At the moment when almost giving up when no clues were found..! Got a critical evidence at the last place we visited Grandma : I know a person who docked her/his cat's tail to make it short She saw a person who had the cat's tail docked? Grandma : You'll find the cat if you go 'here' Sets out to visit the place she told us.. A cat came into our sight upon arrival The cat seems fine everywhere as well as its tail The cat runs to the stair to avoid the crew Found another cat behind it After a while of watching outside The cat carefully comes out through the door and reveals itself Its tail is missing..! Approaching the cat to check its condition closer, but the cat runs away Then, another green cat turns up! It looks like there's a wound on its tail..? Moreover, found a cable tie is around the cat's neck Same for the other cats The cat petrifies at a slight touch towards the tail How bad the wound is...? Upon a closer look The start point of the tail severely wounded and the necrosis seems to have developed already PD : It's tied with something The thread tying their tail tightly caused the amputation Someone tied the thread around their tail to necrose their tail on purpose But the weird thing is, they don't look like an ordinary stray cat We could find that the cats go inside through the gap one by one Perhaps someone who lives here might know why their tails have been docked... PD : Excuse me, excuse me? Uh? What the... The crew got shocked at seeing something through the open door It was a tail of a pheasant snapped in a snare hanging on the ceiling No presence was sensed but we couldn't take the cats to the vet without permission Right on time, we could ask about the cats and their owner to a villager passing by PD : Does someone raise these cats? Gandma : Yeah, the one lives in that houes over there Resident : They belong here
PD : Oh, really?
Resident : The owner keep them on purpose PD : Some had their tails docked, do you know why?
Resident : I have no clue. I don't know whether he cut them or not He raises them here while running his own store. Heard that he dwells here. The crew decided to wait for the owner A man next to a cat The cat tags along behind him The crew hurriedly goes to him for a fact-check PD : Sir, are they stray cats?
Man : They belong to me
PD : So you're the owner?
Man : Yes PD : Do you raise them?
Man : Yeah PD : But what happened to their tails.. Did you cut them on purpose? Man : Yeah, because they got some nasty temper PD : Because of that? / Yeah PD : Do you think they get better if their tails are docked?
Man : I don't know, maybe they get a bit more docile? PD : If they get their tails docked?
Man : Yeah Do you raise those three cats? / Yeah The man tied their tails with a thread to make them become docile.. PD : The gray one.. has its tail a bit..
Man : Why do you keep asking about their tail though.. PD : Did you tie it?
Man : Yeah I did PD : Does he has a nasty temper too? He looks quite big though, do you think it's okay to tie him? Man : .... An unacceptable argument that getting a cat's tail docked makes them become docile... Meanwhile when we are waiting after requesting  the help of the district office Received an urgent call from the hospital! Vet : We're over the hump now / What? We could avoid the worst Vet : The kitten was in cardiac arrest, didn't breathe, and got shocked But now he's better after an urgent aid... The little kitty could escape from the throes of death He's too little and small to bear the pain of having his tail cut... His condition has gotten worse as he went into insulin shock Vet : if the amputated tail is infected and it moves on to the second inflammation, it would spread over the whole body and the same thing could happen in a high chance Keeping this into consideration, I think I should keep my eyes on him for a while Getting a cat's tail docked is blatant animal abuse threatening their life Decide to rescue the cat accompanying the staff from the city hall Man : This is my office though
PD : Is this your office?
Man : Yeah, where are you from?
Officer : From the city hall. Sir, are they your cats? / Yeah Officer : Their tails are docked. Did you cut them or was it by an accident?
Man : They fought each other
Officer : The cats were?
Man : Yeah Officer : So you're saying you didn't cut their tail? / No The criminal audaciously lying to the officer that he didn't cut their tail and they lost their tails by an accident PD : If you see, their tail didn't go off by a natural mean..
Man : .... The man who committed sin has no words to say... PD : If it was just one who lost a tail during fights it would've been understandable But it's more than one who lost their tail, right
Man : It's the yellow one over there
PD : Not just him, the grey one too, we saw it Man : .... The  man keeps pretending he's innocent when the cat in front him a living evidence Man's wife : We can treat them
Officer : I mean it's a fact that he cut their tail Man's wife : We brought them home because we love them. Why would we harm them? We meant no harm. It all came from the superstitions that cats whose tail got tied won't run away from home They argue that they followed the superstition in which cats won't run away once their tails get docked Officer : You can be subject to animal abuse by the animal protection law Officer : He claims that his deed was based on the superstition but further investigations by the police or judicial authorities should be proceeded to verify. I also get him sign the waver of ownership After the investigations, the man will be jailed Hurriedly brought the cats to the hospital The grey cat needs to be treated first The cat doesn't react at a spoke of a needle, which is done for a nerve test Vet : The tail is necrosed due to poor circulation. It has to be amputated Cut off the cable tie around his neck as well PD : Is he okay?
Vet : Yeah, there's no abnormal symptoms around his neck The cat will be hospitalized for a while He eats quite well The cat who must be worn out inside and outside... Proud to see him goggling down the food . No more pains from now on! 