Informant : I saw them a month ago when I passed by Thought it was strange, so I looked again Then I found dogs gathered around.. The crew : There they are! Think a dog is dead?! That's a dog, right? Yeah, it's a dog As the crew approaches, dogs leave as if feeling uncomfortable But they cross the dangerous road.. Oh it's dangerous No! Uh!! Holy moly Why do they roam around the dangerous road? Driver1 : I have no clue whose dogs are they Driver2 : People don't live in this village Someone must have abandoned them Here's a two-lane road 600 meters above sea level, next to the Nakdonggang River. Did someone come here to abandon the dogs? Here's a treat Where? A treat here Traces of humans found all around Soon after Uh? Who's that? Wary A man feeding the dogs Will he know about the dogs? Driver3/ I've seen them out every day Driver3/ I've seen them out every day whenever I pass by here So pity.. So pity.. It's hot but there's no water.. People who pass by provide them with essentials But they have to compete with crows to score them..! Perhaps getting hungry, the moment when they're leaving Uh? There's another one Add+1
The dogs are five in total..! Driver4/ Cars are speeding on the road, it's dangerous They used to be six in total One of them was crushed by a car down there and died a few days ago They were six in total..! Uhhhhh But one of them got killed on the road A risky situation continues, over and over The dogs need to be rescued asap, but.. Hiker : When people tried to catch them, they floundered to escape from them They(the dogs) keep running away when people try to catch em Successive failures of rescue expanded the range of the dogs' activities from the road to the mountains on its sides The dogs are on the move again This time, they walk down the side road This time, they walk down the side road The crew: Uh! Extremely dangerous situation..! A car passing casually as if it often happened The dogs are indifferent as well After following them, arrived at Road / Cement factory
a cement factory located down the two-lane road Their past is revealed from the staff member of the factory Ah, this house? Ah, this house? / Staff: Yes Factory staff/ They (The dogs' owners) used to work here Then they had a stroke A stroke.. A stroke.. / Yeah They said they would stay here for a couple of years Later they moved out Later they moved out from the factory An elderly couple who used to work here was the dogs' owners Due to their poor health, however, they needed to be hospitalized and treated whilst losing their dogs during that time If the dogs keep striding down the road, it'd cause danger to both humans and dogs Their range of activities, however, is beyong imagination The rescue plan should err on the side of caution..! Next episode preview
About 40 in total
The largest number of people are put in the rescue ever! The worst condition for a rescue But we must catch them! Catch! Catch, catch You have to catch them Stop! Uh! Rescue expert : Ah.. It's the most challenging ever Vet/ There's only one shot Tens of people struggling to save the dogs Will they be rescued safely? Stay tuned for part 2 