Informant : I definitely saw something up in this tree What's up in the tree? *Meow Meow Meow* My house is right here, and my cat ran out from here and went up the tree It's been 4 days since it happened The cat can be seen from the height of the 5th floor of the apartment He must be near here.. PD : Oh, I can see the cat Cat 'Byeol' cries out feeling nervous while being crouched It's a dead drop down the tree... At first, the cat was at the height of the 3rd floor of the apt When the cat was in the middle of the tree, the rescuer tried to snatch him, but then he went up further again... The cat went further up when people were trying to reach him to rescue If he ever makes a hasty step by mistake, he could drop down.. How did the cat end up at the top of the tree? Informant : On my way back home after walking my dog Well my cat and dog don't get along well As soon as they came back from the stroll and the dog growled at Byeol The startled Byeol went out from home and ran to the top of the tree to avoid the dog The night has passed Next day Resident : It's been 5 days. What to do.. I've never seen a cat who went up high like that Byeol seems to climbed up further than yesterday The cat's seemingly at a risk.. Meet a vet to check his condition Since the cat couldn't eat or drink at all, dehydration is concerned most The risk of getting his liver fatty is also worrisome as he couldn't eat anything for 3 days We can't waste time anymore Look around the site with an animal rescue specialist The location of the tree doesn't allow any access of rescue assistant vehicles with a ladder or a basket Since there are too many trees around where Byeol is, Any vehicles to reach the top of the tree can't enter at all First off, install a rescue net in case of the cat falling down from the tree After placing the net, a rescuer will climb up the tree to take the cat out I will put the ladder between the branch nest and the foothold after reaching closest to the height where the cat is Create the 10-meter-temporary structure next to the tree and lure the cat to cross the bridge we placed to cross it and come down the structure Sir, do you see the cat? Now I can see the cat What's left now is to put the foothold where the cat can use to come down..! At that moment!! Uh, Byeol is going up higher! Ah... It's driving me crazy... Byeol, feeling anxious, barely grabs the branch Decide to stop the plan for a moment as Byeol's feeling anxious PD : Byeol's moving! The cat moves onto the branch next to her Change the plan to use the scoop net instead! The cat's family getting concerned.. For the cat dangling on the branch dangerously stretch out the scoop net...! At that moment! The cat throws himself down the tree..!! The cat didn't land on the net But found in the tree next to it Then he goes up the tree again The cat went to the top of the tree again He's at the top again? / Yes Unfortunately, the cat went up to the top of the tree on the next Even worse, the tree's swaying by the wind and Byeol is clinging on the branch which is thinner than the previous one The rescue plan went back to square one Hurriedly move the structure next to the tree and decide to lure the cat in with the food inside the cage Wait until the cat comes.. I put the foothold where the cat can use to walk into the cage Soon after The cat finally jumps down to the panel While everyone's watching, holding their breath The cat fills his tummy upon crossing all the way through the panel After the night falls the cat slowly walks to the trap cage The cat went in! The rescue succeeds with the help of many! Byeol finally comes back to the family's embrace in five days Thank god you're safe now.. Visit the hospital to check his health Surprisingly enough, the cat's health is superb Liver damage or other diseases caused by fasting as dangling on the branch for a long term are not found at all Other than showing the symptoms of dehydration, He has no major health issues Byeol will be released after being hospitalized for a few days Take care Byeol. Don't run away from home again~ But there's one problem that hasn't been solved yet Informant 2 : I'm worried he might get stressed and run out of the house gain That's what concerns me most for now Byeol's roommate doggo Bongbong who was the cause of everything As soon as Byeol came, the dog barks crazily The dog's make a huge fuss when I hold Byeol in my arms or adore him Byeol would get anxious often at home because of green-eyed Bongbong The problem will occur over and over if it's left unsolved.. The solution begins to improve their relationship! The animal behaviorist watches the dog and cat Bongbong is quite shy and gets wary of urgent movement or a strange animal What Bongbong needs most is to build sociability I'm going to train the dog to think of this doll, not as a scary object but a good friend and someone who grants him a reward Step 1
Adapt to a strange object Bongbong gets wary of a strange doll and acts aggressively As soon as he takes interest in the doll, Good boy~ Here you are! Give the treat reward with compliments! Next up! This time, I'm going to teach him that the cat his enemy or he should be wary of, but someone he can get along Step 2
Re-define the relationship with Byeol! Make a comfy place where Byeol can rest with ease Next up, the confrontation of two has come along Bongbong and Byeol found each other Bongbong doesn't really react upon seeing Byeol When Bongbong sees Byeol, grant him a treat reward Moving onto the toy play which requires a wider movement Good boy Bongbong sits patiently If he keeps practicing, he would be patient no matter how much Byeol would romp around the living room Peace came to Byeol and Bongbong's house Haven't seen them in peace for a long time Now it won't be noisy but peaceful and serent from now on As the ground hardens after the rain, We cheer for their happy life together <3 