A convenience store crowded with customers today as well Kkami, Male
A social butterfly in this neighborhood Just casually walking in.. Convenience store owner : Pick whatever yo wanna have Kkami, should have this and go Why yo asking if you're gonna give me anyways Go, let's move, move Go off, gosh NAH Lez go, you shouldn't be here Shouldn't come in Don't be so merciless Oh my gah Gosh Go away Aigoo He wouldn't move away but stands still Yeah that's good. Pat me if you wanna go in Now,  Move to that side Donchu touch meow! I can't run my business because of you! Move away to that side, Kkami Aah! Plz.. Kkami.. (Customers) Can't step in, so they turn their heads to the other convenience stores That's how all end up.. For today as usual, given up on him.. lol What's most ridiculous is that.. +_+ Tee... hee.... Is she here for the convenience store eventually..!? This is my district-meow! Says you!! This stray dog has been coming to my store since a month ago Guess she's here to meet Kkami Hey.. Hey there? Oh , okay, You were not looking Who's that stinky doggo jeez... Imma leave Where are yo going? Come with meh~ Damn doggos... Why me out of all cats out there, WHAY She's shadowing Kkami from a while ago? Donchu follow meh-meow! I'm just, walking to my house.. hehe GO AWAY FREAK Arrives at one store Being a beauty is tiresome Whichever place I go, I get da phood! Crew : Do you know that dog, Baekgu? It's been a month since they hung around together That's why I've been feeding them together Now serve one more portion to feed 'em Arrives at a BBQ restaurant in the neighborhood (Beef) So meowch yummmm As the social butterfly, Kkami, Finishes his dish and stands up What's wrong with yo..huh.. Resident (Hindoong) Lost quite a lot of weight at first The weight? / Yeah, she seemed she'd lost a lot of weight But since the people here are warm-hearted, They all take care of her Hindoong, been roaming around the neighborhood in a deadly skinny body One day, he saw the super outgoing Kkami And she followed him around.. Owner : She's feeding herself well now Seems to be self-conscious Eats more than him nowadays Hindoong has grown strong in health as she's been following Kkami recently Oh, She had enough. I guess Hindoong, you want a bite? Hindoong, have some Were you upset? Because we only gave Kkami? Not really! In fact, the convenience store-owner knew every story of them Well, it's better if they stick together like that Rather than being alone, it looks better off together A comforting night, by just being together The next day Hindoong's house Kkami will be adopted to my cousin and Hindoong will be taken care of by the residents in this neighborhood Hope they don't have to ask around for food, But to take in 'love' forever from now on Thanks y'all <3 