'Kkam-Nyang' who pays a visit to the shop every morning Yet since she came by It seems, she hangs something on her bottom.. as in kittens with a thing hanging on her bottom, Nyang~ Even for those neighbours who've been taking good care of her Began to keep guards on them too "God, feel so pity of her, honestly.." The vet visited the scene as soon as possible However.. Cha Jin-Won, Director of World Pet Hospital  : This.. isn't a fetus tho? / Is it not?! It's more possible of vaginal hernia, but in quite a severe stage Suspects that, while she was giving birth.. it has been pushed hard to come out of the body... Is it possible if more babies are inside the womb? It's surely possible. She's in such critical condition at the moment. If we leave her as it is, not only this would endanger the babies in the womb But also the mother We don't have much time to waste! A joint operation of the rescue team and the neighbours She's at the flowerbed behind the left building Planning to encompass the flowerbed with a huge capturing net So she won't slip out from the bottom Blocking the flowerbed tight Look, only her butt sticks out Keeping her guard tight, Kkam-Nyang doesn't seem to make a move Scooping time Hold it tightly so she won't slip out from the bottom~ At that moment!! As if she responds to the noise, she flinches There are no wayouts At the back there! Back!! Grab, grab her!! Cover cover!! At the moment when we were about to scoop her! Ah~!! She went up the tree Kkam-Nyang climbed up at the top of a tree We can't give up like this! Carefully..! Rescue succeeds! Kkam-Nyang~ It's okay now.. Nyang~ that's okay~ Keep this and have her fed This is her fave. Eats it every morning and night.. Owing to everyone's help Kkam-Nyang could be rescued successfully Yet, the most important part is her and the kittens' condition! Vet : The reason behind all this is probably because she pushed too hard on her vagina If that's the case, there might be some more fetuses left inside the womb.. Hurriedly checks out an ultrasound.. I don't find any more fetuses left inside Thankfully, there's none left inside her womb As a sign of breastfeeding, there's some sort of hair loss caused Leftover milk Considering her body condition, It hasn't been long since she's given birth Vaginal hernia is relatively common Yet, in her case, it hasn't ended only as a vaginal hernia, but, uterus hernia. There aren't many cases found just like that. Can be found only when there was a tough delivery that took much effort.. Due to the frequent pregnancy and delivery Her uterus has got weakened day by day And giving birth at the age of 7-8 was the major issue. Hence surgery to extract the uterus has begun.. And, the mister who should have been worried sick, more than anyone else.. "Kkam-Nyang~ Hang in there tight" If she comes back in a good shape, I'll give her love as much as I can.. so won't regret Though it was tough to live on the street Kkam-Nyang had been able to endure by favor of good people Let's get back healthy and well Thank you all-meow <3 