Heard a dog gasping, coming from the car
So I even checked underneath the car But I was shocked, terrified, I screamed like hell This can't happen, it's a total mystery These people reported that they've gone through such a bizarre thing A dog came out of a place where he can't possibly come out.. The dog who came from an eccentric place is... This is him A doggo looking as pretty as a doll! Quite an outgoing type, considering that he's at the center of this mystery He's coming, right there Let's hear out the person who found the dog for the first time I was trying to turn off the engine 
when I got back from the construction site, after installing the aircon Then I heard a whimpering sound out of nowhere Where the sound was coming from is.. Inside this bonnet! He was sitting right in there, gasping (The picture of him at that time) A DOG inside the BONNET???? I don't normally scream or something like that, But once I opened up the cover, I burst out screaming, in absolute surprise Pretty shocking thing to see from a car... How on earth did he end up there? The cover can't be opened even if one tries to open it from the outside by force It can only be opened by pressing the button on the driving seat to unlock it Sir.. perhaps you've misunderstood it?? I swear to god, I have nothing to be ashamed of 
(bursting out how bitter he is to be accused) I put a cross upon my chest, and swear on my family's honor, this ain't a lie I found him from there, and took a picture as soon as I saw him! He couldn't possibly open a bonnet tho.. When I was typing the destination on the google map.. 
I heard the sound just a little bit As usual, Mr. Yang got in the car to do the deliveries But all of the sudden, a mysterious sound came from somewhere Hence he checked every corner of the car Though, nothing could be found back then.
Just like that, Mr.Yang drove off Taking 2 hours to get, he arrived at a University located somewhere in Seoul. After parking, at the moment he took off the driving seat.. The sound came louder than it did before I drove off, so Just in case, I came closer to the bonnet and tried to hear the sound quietly.. As he checked the bonnet in which he wouldn't even imagine a dog would be there That's how he encountered the dog! In terms of the circumstance, he was inside the bonnet even before the departure, Is that even possible tho.. I heard that cats sometimes nestle in there.. It's quite common that 
street cats often get inside the bonnet  during a freezing winter However.. I don't think it's big enough for a dog 
that is the same size as the dog I found, to crawl inside So I suspect that somebody opened up the bonnet and placed him there.. Mr. Yang once assumed that somebody would've opened up the bonnet and ditched the dog inside it with malice Futhermore.. He was wearing a yellowish-green leash in the first place It can also mean that he must've been owned by someone if he wears a leash, right? A yellowish-green leash which the dog was wearing in the first place! If you look into that CCTV there.. If somebody has abandoned the dog, it should have been filmed on CCTV! Three days before the discovery of the dog The car was parked in the corner of the factory after the deliveries Yet not even a single trace of a man can be found We looked back at the footage three to four days before the incident But we couldn't find any trace of a moving thing Nothing in the footage tells that somebody threw the dog away.. To figure out the people who've heard about him, The crew have asked around the neighborhood Have you ever seen him? No.. never Well.. I don't think so. We do keep a dog but not like that one We weren't able to find any more information about him Meanwhile, this mysterious bud, whether he knows how his new family feels about it or not, as if this is his home in the first place The puppy's been following the factory family as if he's chasing behind his owner He's quite cheerful for a kid who came alive from that car and loves people as well To grab a glimpse of evidence in regards to him,
we've decided to look into the car with precaution What an expert paid attention to was the bottom of the car Most of the times, the bonnet and the driving seat are completely separated, So, if the bonnet wasn't physically opened from the outside,
this hole underneath the car is the only way to get in there. A cat in this much size can climb up there. Coz it's tiny and flexible, yet a dog hardly can Would it be 0% for a dog to come up through that narrow, complex gap? Hence, we decided to do an experiment with a professor specializing in automobiles Prepared a pipe that fits his size and flexibility! Will this pipe be able to reach the bonnet through the complicated wirings..? A few moments later.. The pipe's shown itself up inside the bonnet! He definitely is able to get inside the car through the tiny gaps Okay, the entrance's been confirmed Will he be able to bear the heat coming from the 2 hours long drive? The battery was where he was found on It isn't relatively hot when the car is at a halt, but when the driving begins, the battery gets heated up The temperature of the battery after driving is 50 degrees celsius What's most relieving is though.. In fact, the battery was the least heated part of the car, inside the bonnet What if he chose somewhere else on that day.. this might have escalated into a tragic incident It's always the size that comes as a problem, 
but they can always get themselves inside In overseas cases, dogs often get inside the car In fact, such cases have been happening at times overseas.. Before he found the puppy, where he went last time is Ulsan. Not only the distance between the factory and Ulsan is over 400km, but also it took three days to discover the dog's presence.. How could he survive without the food? In cases of people, there's a rule of three Can't withhold three minutes without air, three days without water, 
and three weeks without food. Yet in the cases of dogs, they can hold it one or two days more than humans So he might have been able to free ride from Ulsan for sure Well, whatever happened, your life's full of surprises Though we can't know when or where exactly he's gotten inside the car, One thing for sure is.. Mr.Yang is his life savior! Until we find his real owner, we'll keep 'Bonnet' well raised and do our best Bonnet who's got a miraculous chance 
to live will have a new beginning of his miraculous life~ 