The crew paid a visit to the person who reported, 
he's witnessed a dog covered with tangled hair roaming about the neighborhood Informant: When I first saw him from there, where we dump the rubbish.. I genuinely thought it was a rap, thought it was a bunch of mops tied all together But it was moving The dog's already known in the neighborhood as a ragged dog Crew: There! Woah.. Seeing from the unhygienically tangled hair, this one's definitely the dog that the informant mentioned. Yet as if he's tensed up to have all the sudden attentions put upon him, 
he hurriedly rushes away, Hiding under the car How long should he have been living a life on the street
 in which he ended up in such a shape..? Resident: I lived here my whole life, but never seen such a dog before. Anyway, he should have been around for more than three years already.. It's almost like he's given up his life.. that's such a pity He also can't walk properly, limping and being covered by the hair all over himself.. It's already been three years since he's been wandering about on the streets.. In the meantime, turns out his leg seems to have a problem as well.. Soon after that, he rushes his steps to somewhere else As if something's come up, he begin to snoop around at an alley for quite a while What's up with him..? ....? Starts to feed on someone else's food Appears that this ain't the first time he's doing this He roams around the town to satisfy his hunger in such a shape As the residents all feel pity about him, they'd like to take good care of him, however.. Informant: Since he's on high alert, by any chance we approach him, 
he runs his putt off Resdient: Saw someone trying to give him a bowl of water, 
but he disappeared in seconds Even when trying to reach out to offer help.. He's always high on alert and busy running away, 
the residents can't help themselves but to let him be.. But, at that moment..! ???: Spotty!! Let's go, come! Will give ya milk~ Let's go for some milk~C'mon!! Spotty..?? And as if he's used to her calling, he begins to follow her behind. One who was busy running his butt off when anyone tried to approach, 
is now setting his foot inside this lady's house Crew: Hey! Is.. he under your care? Lady: No, I just feed him, once in a while. As she felt pity of him roaming around all alone, 
she named him 'Spotty' and began to feed him some food Lady: It's okay, have it there you go~ Yet for some reason, he only stares at the milk..? Leaving him as soon as she noticed his look And as if he's been waiting long, he starts to feed himself Feels pity to just watch him hurriedly filling his stomach with milk Lady: It's been 2 years, since I moved here. 
Back then, he looked less tangled than he is now. Since 2 years worth of time has passed, his hair looks more entangled.. She reckoned him as a wandering dog, who doesn't have an owner, at the first sight.. However.. Lady: He has a leash and .. / PD: A leash? Lady: Yes, he does have a leash, with a charm or something PD: Are you sure it was a leash? /
Lady: Yes, it is for sure. He has it on him even now If he has a leash around his neck, that means he was once owned by someone Yet, even when she tries to stretch out her hand to look for a leash, he freaks out too much in which no one could check whether it's there or not.. Even to the lady whom he feels at least attached to, he won't lift off his guards.. And eventually, he leaves the house. For three years, he doesn't leave the neighborhood and at the same time, 
let no one around him.. that makes everything even more complicated But he also goes to somewhere else...? Even while he's walking around the place, 
he double checks whether no one tails him behind It's a tiny bungalow placed right under the mountain, 
quite far away from the town where he shows up most of the times What'd be the reason he came all the way here..? Would this place be his hideout? PD: Has he kept on coming here?
Resident: This place belongs to his owner.. Resident: some has an instinct of going back to where they belonged This is where his family lived? Then why was he left all alone? What about his owner? Man: They left him there, the family, as if they were on the run at night And somone came back in such anger somehow~ Three years ago, For some reason, the family had to leave the town in a hurry And he was left all alone at this house.. And from then on, he's been continuing his long, tiresome wanderer's life, 
endlessly waiting for his owner to come back PD: Hope we can contact anyone in touch with them..?
Man: No.. they ran away, there's no way you can conac him.. Is he still waiting for his owner who vanished into the thin air overnight..? Perhaps that's why he's coming back to this place.. repeating it over and over again 
Feel sorry for him waiting endlessly for such reason.. He had to endure for all those times on the streets, alone But what's more worrying than his ragged look is.. Resident: When he coughs.. he looks like he's almost out of breath, Resident 2: Sneezes a lot too
Resident: Sorry for him honestly Lady: He coughs, limps.. and worried if his tangled hair gets wet while raining We're gonna get right onto the rescue. (A cat makes an entrance) That was just a smokescreen. After slowly narrowing the siege.. Caught him! ;) PD: Oh~ it's alright okay~ Rescue team: Gosh, he's coughing badly.. To calm him down, who must be panicked by the reuse, 
covered him in the cloth and moved to the cage. Lady: Spotty~ Spotty~ Must have been hard~ 
Let's lift off all that heavy thing, okay? The lady who must have been waiting for this moment more than anyone else, 
feels happy about this moment, but also sorrowful about his hardships he had to endure Lady: Feel like I'm gonna cry..
PD: Why is that? Lady: Sorry for him.. Such a relief that he's now in safe hands Yet since he's been wandering on the streets for a while, 
frequent coughing, walking with a limp.. his health's a bit worrying state Vet: He has quite severe periodontal damage, 
I assume, he's at least 10 years old, First, he's old, been on the street for long in a bad condition, hence followed illnesses, I think, we need to check all of them Not only he's aged, but also looking bad outside, make the worry go deeper As expected, the vet's look doesn't seem happy about the test results Vet: It's quite serious.. Vet: Since he's been outside for a long time, he's in a severe state of heartworm infection in which it is infected by the mosquitoes Ha... Even though I'd like to guarantee that he'll get better, 
but the situation doesn't allow me to It's serious that he can't do anything further.. Despite the fact that he gets the treatment,  the heart won't be able to bear the recovery... What can we do about him? Vet: Strictly speaking, the treatment will be on
 to raise the quality of the rest of his life, not to recover his health To lessen the pain, he needs hospice care for now You can think it as a treatment to help the heart keep going Lady: We're too late, aren't we? As he has a limited amount of time, the lady made a hard decision Lady: I wasn't planning to keep him myself, 
but I'll try my best to comfort him as much as I can. I'll keep him. Bless you, greatly! All three years worth hairs are shaved He'll no longer be called a 'ragged dog', rather a 'spotty' for the rest of his lifetime.. You looking handsome~ After all the preps, he is now to face the lady Great to watch them getting along Lady: Gosh~ That feels like a burden's lifted from my shoulder, 
he's like some other kids We wish for another miracle to happen for this one, who's going to live the rest of his life with a new name, 'spotty', for the beginning of his new start... 