Pay a visit to the mart after receiving a call from an informant Store owner : There's a problem we can not solve so I called to ask for help The problem has occurred in a giant retail mart where they sell daily supplies He's going to tell about the details of the incident Guess she ate it again Piled-up on the storage ground are torn-off food bags.. At first, I thought the bags were torn off as they got bumped on something by a mistake What did the manufacturer say? / They said products were not defective Yet, the food bags were found with holes in them, over and over.. Something falls off when the customer brings a bag to the counter Then I always find a bag with a hole in it But the strange thing is When pet supplies and treats are displayed, What's been destroyed is always the dog food sacks Perhaps we can find out who the culprit is through the surveillance cameras installed everywhere? That spot is out of the cameras' angle PD : So it's on the blind area? Yes, I think the culprit knew it and committed the crime on purpose Can't sit back and watch her wrongdoings anymore Install a camera where the food section is seen Will the culprit show up again today? Next day As soon as the morning comes, goes straight to the food section Stocked-up food sacks are destroyed again! Ah... She ate it again The clerks straight up check the footage Clerk : Here, here it is!
PD : Where, where, where? A strange silhouette spotted on the camera The one who disappeared behind the display stand was a cat! After watching out for a bit, The cat goes straight to the display stand Smoothly and skillfully opens the food sack Shameless Mart owner : She could just bring it home though After enjoying food, the cat leaves Food was great One thing I don't understand is.. There no way she could enter the mart. She didn't follow the people either I don't know where she came through.. There are only two spots where the cat can enter the mart But the doors are locked and checked thoroughly Everywhere is blocked without any windows I have no clue why she'd come a long way to destroy the sacks Because there's a nice restaurant across the street Instead of tearing off the food sacks It would've been much easier to appeal to the BBQ restaurant owner Have any animals or cats tried stealing food from here?
/ Never Not even once? / Yeah, it never happened before The cat has never paid a visit to the place full of savory smell Also, in the mart She'd only get a big one, not a small one Either this or this She'd only pick a big one.. Getting more mysterious.. There's a cat over there! Did you see a cat? / Yeah Peek The cat reveals herself in the mark during operating hour She doesn't avoid people who say hi at all Come here~ and doesn't move at all Then The cat freely walks on top of the display stands How did she go up? She will die if left not being cared / She won't die starving Do you feed her? / No, she feeds herself Try looking at the cat who's on the shelves The width of the space is only this much, and it's a drop down below Where the cat stood was the top of a temporary wall The width of the display stand is 5cm And there's a gap between the temporary wall and the display stand The cat might fall off if she takes a wrong step No wayouts in the ceiling too Is there any chance the cat might enter from outside? The ceiling is connected to everywhere Every store share the same ceiling since it's one floor but I was told that that side is blocked during construction Except the BBQ restaurant, every store in the first floor share the same ceiling While searching outside the buiding.. PD : Found a hole here/ Woah, it's a big one.. Found a large gap where it's connected to the ventilator Look inside the boiler room as well Uh! A hole here! / PD : Oh, there it is A hole created to connect the drainage pipes together She must have gone inside to the ceiling through this gap The cat must've been using this gap to go inside the mart At that moment in the mart The clerks are working on something.. I'm wrapping all these to stop the cat from opening them I think we can protect the products in this way at least Another ace in the hole is..! It's for shooing the cat away.. The clerk's efforts to block the cat's access..! Props to your hard work.. Soon after The cat spotted on the camera outside As we expected, the cat's been passing through the hole to enter the mart! The cat is way more punctual at work than the clerks Better than me Meanwhile The cat walks into the mart Carefully walks towards the display stand The cat got flustered by the toy insects' guard After checking one by one, find the vinyl wrapped around the food sacks But then, she found the gap at last.. Help us, animal rescue specialist~ Sim In-Seob / Animal rescue specialist
: There's one thing peculiar that there's a little hole in the package The normal vacuum-packed products don't spill what's inside But this product has little holes on it where the food smell comes out.. After figuring out the cause, decide to rescue the cats hurridedly Move the food sacks the cat's been enjoying so far Turning off the light after closing the business Wait for the cat to appear in tense.. At that moment, the cat appeared up on the wall (There she is) As usual, the cat carefully approaches the food sack As if she's got embarrassed by the empty display stand, The cat slowly walks into the cage Succeeds in catchng the cat! It's bittersweet Guess the owner's feeling sad to let her go Then release meow~ Time to check her health Vet Yeo Gui-Seon : Her health is fine based on the test results Except for something on her stomach She has a baby An unexpected news that she who still looks young carries a baby Why has she taken a tough trip to the mart every day when she's pregnant? Vet : It wouldn't be easy to find out out there for cats with such personality Considering that she carries a baby, It was the best possible choice to keep her kittens safe in the belly Touch and harsh life on streets To feed her kittens in her belly she risked her life, jumping over the high wall every day The mart clerks visit upon hearing the news We heard that she's pregnant, so we brought this This was her favorite Meow~ Hey The cat remembers the clerks She was always in tense when she was with us But I guess she's relaxed enough to greet the now Missed ya.. Thanks for recognizing us. First time visiting to meet a cat You take care of her until she delivers babies The cat who thought to be food thief turns out to be a mother with strong maternal love Hope she safely delivers cute babies Stay warm and full for the rest of your life <3 