A house deep in the mountain No house or people are nearby in this secluded mountain, except for the one who pays a visit every day A guest comes every day to this remote countryside where people are hardly seen Uh! There he is! A nimble movement coming down from the cliff It turns out to be a cat! The cat goes straight to the mister and acts cute He showed up one day and been following me so far The cat who randomly emerged from somewhere showed up at the mountain cabin one day He's been tagged along with the mister so far and even acting cute on his way The cat makes sure to walk between the man's legs so that he doesn't get apart from him The cat's almost like a stalker Perhaps he thinks of me as his friend, he comes along everywhere I go Nabi~ Why do you keep following me Don't ask why-meow I've seen so many wild animals, but never seen a cat before Very deep in the mountain where houses barely exist, A cat lives, not even a wild animal.. It's just amazing that he actually lives in the mountain.. ZERO wariness towards humans? Come on.. I have no clue what's on him since I've never had a cat before What's clear is Nabi likes the man so much.. and the man also doesn't mind him as well hehe I used to roam about the mountain alone, but as Nabi is with me now, I'm not lonely anymore I'm so proud that he'd come along with me through the steep mountain path The beginning of this strange relationship was special I wasn't sure if it were badgers or raccoon dogs, Anyway, he was fighting against lots of them, so I kicked them all away Since then, he showed up Upon hearing a mysterious sound, heard from the quiet mountain The man came out to check Then he kicked all the animals who were attacking him Since that day, the cat showed up before him.. Seeing him following and listening to the man so well, We wonder maybe he used to be a home cat? PD : Is there a village nearby?
Man : There's a small village about 4-5 km away from here A village where it's 5 km away from the mountain cabin Perhaps the locals might know about the cat? Never seen him before We don't really have a cat here in this village No one in the nearby village knows about the cat Nabi, who are you though? It's getting more clueless as days pass by But Nabi's love towards the man gets deeper, day by day STICKWITCHU <3 At that moment! A strange sound coming from the door Haneul, I'll walk you out soon, so stop it okay The man carefully opens the door.. A dog runs out through the open door Haneul, no! No!! Come back here, Haneul!! Astounded by the sudden situation, Nabi ran up to the cliff The mister manages to calm the extremely agitated dog down The man takes the dog back home, But the dog seems upset still.. PD : Sir, who's this? He's Haneul, my dog who lives with me together But he's upset as I don't let him go out as the cat's out there Haneul the only child received all of his dad's love alone gets to be stuck in a room all day because of Nabi The man feeds the dog to chill him out.. and goes out to make Nabi feels better After getting a grip of himself, the cat heads to the man Aww, were you surprised? It's okay, it's okay now The man comforts the cat to feel at ease.. Thanks to that, the cat's back to a cute charm again! Even when he's praying The cat stays by his side The cat showed up to me when I was at my worst I believe it was a great fortune to be tied with him as he gave me a comfort Since last years, the man has encountered so many bad fortunes.. Nabi gave him a huge comfort when he was at his worst Even night falls, Nabi doesn't seem to leave the man's house Nabi, what are you doing here, it's so cold here though. You can't sleep here It goes down to five degrees below zero when it becomes night.. When sometimes I come out to check, I always hind him sleeping with an exhausted face.. A harsh winter with piercing wind.. The man prepares a rest spot for the cat After a bit of hesitation, Nabi goes inside.. The man leaves him alone so that he can relax As soon as the man goes out The cat starts crying at the door.. The cat who couldn't relax but felt anxious Even tears off the insulation sheet attached on the window After hearing his cry at last The mister comes back Why are you crying. You're supposed to sleep! Why don't you stay warm inside there to sleep.. You're so cold right now Nabi insists on his will, not knowing the sincere heart of the mister towards him.. It brings worry to the mister by the concern of him staying outside alone all night After spending a few more minutes with Nabi together.. The man goes back to sleep, and then... Nabi comes out to the front yard and bawls sadly.. Won't there be any evidence to figure out who the cat is? Vet : The cat's about 2-3 years old What about his health? Some of the kidney function levels have gone up slightly, but it often shows in stray cats. According to the test, The cat is thought to be a stray cat, not a home pet And some traces remain on his body indicates  his life on street It looks like he got bitten silghtly Moreover The mountains around here are almost all steep It's almost impossible for a typical home cat to live in these rugged mountains where he can get hurt and use up a lot of energy. Then why did Nabi choose the tough life in the mountain? I don't think he's the type to compete and win the alpha among the group of other stray cats. A fierce, stray cat circle One who lost turf wars gets kicked out from the circle.. Nabi must have ended up in the mountain after wandering about to avoid the stray cats And the cat found the mister who saved him from danger and gave him a warm hand.. Since we only have each other now, it'd be great for both of us to rely on each other and stay healthy together The mister prepares something for Nabi who became his precious gem I'm going to make something he can stay at east outside Here he presents an eco-friendly cat tower! Recycled, DIY cat house! Will Nabi likes the presents he prepared? Guess he quite likes them a lot hehe I'm relieved that he likes them
My hard work paid off! The mister and Nabi who helped each other to stay warm in such cold winter.. We root for their happy, mountain life! 