My son, Yippun has a huge tumor The tumor is swollen as badly as he couldn't keep himself steady Yippun's owner: It's all stains / What stains? He oozes some pus from dragging his tumor on the ground The blanket is stained with it even after I wiped it out, What's as bitter as his wound is a cruel reality where there's nothing much he can do about it I want to take him to the hospital.. I got hurt while working and had a waist injury Then I got in an accident again.. Moreover People would say he won't be able to 
survive even if he gets surgery because he's too old Upon hearing that surgery on a 15-year-old, senior dog Yippun would rather cause harm to him He had to give up on hopes.. For such Yippun a silver lining had shed on him How's Yippun's health now? Wook-Heon Jeon, Surgeon Director of N Animal Medical Center :
A lipoma is highly suspected based on an ultrasound scan.. A lipoma is commonly developed among senior dogs It's not malignant, fortunately but is currently pressing other organs A bigger problem is that additional tumors are found in his testicles and around his anus as well The chances are high that both could be malignant.. Receiving additional examinations It's quite big.. It could've spread to lymph nodes Based on the results from a CT scan, Additional tumors are found other than in his abdomen, testicles, and anus Liver, Thyroid What should I do? So many thoughts are going through my head that I feel so complicated Tumors in the thyroid, for instance should all be removed through surgery because they are all malignant But an old dog, Yippun wouldn't be able to handle such surgery which removes every tumor on his body An urgent meeting goes on.. Chae-Young Im, Internal Medicine Director of N Animal Medical Center : 
An excision of tumors would be the best option when it's possible But we can't easily remove the ones near the thyroid considering the possibility of complications development The removal of the tumors in the fat seems to be necessary I think it's better to treat the rest internally and decide the next steps for the treatment later based on his condition Decide to remove a huge lipoma which weighs almost 3kg first Since the tumor is passing through the upper femoral artery, if it causes gushing in the femoral artery, it could lead to death or leg disability To remove safely, Minimizing gushing is a key Yet More gauze, please Gauze, please Gushing more than expected The medical team's hands are getting busy Will Yippun be able to get worries off his chest? - To be continued in Part 2 - 