A letter arrived one day Save these cute cats. Please help Cats are living creatures! Cats also breathe! Protesting to save cats? What's going on..? Upon arrival at the site Meet cat families everywhere Don't disturb our peace bro Why on earth are you guys protesting?? I was told that residents hate cats because their fur flies Apartment managers said they would send them to an animal protection group Apartment residents' different stances on coexisting with feral cats Cons -> Feces are everywhere here Pros -> Care for them because we all like them Sharp contradiction A leader claims feral cats should be protected Leader Mom and my teacher scolded me Every time I have bad things in school Petting cats in the apartment always comforts me Today as well, the leader.. Come out Elementary schooler avengers - Let's put an end to this! Unfailing determination +_+ Apartment mangement office Manager :: Sit here Let's sit and talk How can we have cats live here? How spunky Way to go Leader, push ahead If you guys want so bad to raise cats in the aparment Receive consent from residents who would also like to raise them With the consent of the residents, cats can finally..! One two three, let's get it! Divided in two groups and start visiting one household each time Are you guys nervous? You mean us? A little bit Knock knock The residents have been feeding cats in residential Could you write your unit number and sign here, please? Oh! He's signing!! I'm proud of them But I won't Bye I don't like animals, so.. Maybe it was impossible to gain approvals from majority in the beginning Visit every house continues for hours Got enough signitures by now.. Let's hurry to go and show this We can expect a good result by now did you receive all these? Do you guys want to raise cats here that much? An unbelieable passion of the students As you guys eager to raise cats this much Will talk to the residents and do my best to reflect your opinion Please do sir, thanks Well done(Proud) Guess we can raise cats Gotta believe in hope Without the help of adults, they achieved it on their own Will their wish come true? Next day How's kitties~? Gasps! Come to think of it.. A cheese tabby from yesterday is not seen.. Looking for the cat everywhere out of concern The cat's here Underneath a vehicle.. The kitten was found dead.. Anytime and anywhere,
feral cats are helplessly exposed to dangerous surroundings If you truly wish for their happiness, Hope they live in good environment The place where they won't get hurt In the hope for the remaining cats to stay well They decide to foster them She is da best! Where are we, mom? I'm relieved that they're all well Hope you meet a good family.. Thanks for your warm affection <3 Kiss Kiss <3 