Using a golf course as if it's her house Don't mind me just watching A white dog roaming around and Hwindoong's puppies found over the hill But The four puppies' body are cold and stiff with an umbilical cord still on them We could've saved all of them if they were found earlier They could've all survived if we found them yesterday But then..! Puppies' crying is heard from somewhere Where the sound was coming from, three puppies were found safe ;( They couldn't still open their eyes I'm still a baby! Golf club staff : We couldn't save them all but it's so fortunate that all three are safe A temporary measure for safety is done Leave the puppies in the safe place first, and wait for the mother Hwindoong to show up As time passes, upon the puppies' crying Hwindoong approaches carefully.. Fills her tummy and stays next to her puppies How's Hwindoong and the remaining puppies' health? Vet : She gave birth in a safe place Based on heartbeats and dissolved oxygen level they have no particular health issues Despite being born on the same day the other four puppies passed away.. Uh? Not here? The dead puppies are gone? *Hurriedly check the observation camera*
PD : They were covered like this An hour ago, Hwindoong went somewhere with the dead puppies in her mouth Vet : She must've been anxious even when her puppies were separated from dead ones because the dead ones started to decay For the sake of the remaining puppies' safety She put them farther away Once the decay begins Wild animals might come around them.. Mother Hwindoong who already let go of the four puppies away protected the remaining puppies in that way A few days later The golf club members Decide to adopt Hwindoong's family after hearing her news Hwindoong and her puppies regained stability Golf club staff : We're going to take her to the administration building of our club What a nice day for move-out With the puppies Hwindoong heads to a new house A trolley is da best Still feeling strange but very satisfied with their new home.. Hope they adapt fast and romp around together with a wagging tail when I someone else visit The family could be bonded thanks to the golf club May a warm, spring day comes to Hwindoong and her puppies 