The city to redevelop where familiar houses and alleys were swept away Where everything turned grey and destructive, There is a dog, who keeps his seat solid at the construction sites Resident : What's interesting is that he doesn't even flinch Resident 2 : Stays there all day, whole week, the entire month Resident 3 : Been there long enough It's odd that the dog won't leave the construction site 
despite that, there's not even a single wind shield The residents can hardly understand why the dog's keep standing at the top of the hill, 
though the wind strikes directly Resident 1 : Always sits high up there Resident 2 : Out of all places, why would she be there, that's my question So we decided to make an approach carefully However.. By just making eye contact triggers her to be agitated As if we've intruded on her territory, she began to protest as hard as she can.. And he comes back to her spot to keep her seat.. Resident 1 : Been there like that over the past four years, Crew : Ah... Crew : So you'd see her every morning then? Resident 2 : Yeah.. always standing there, even in the drizzling rain Crew : Oh is it..? / Resident 2 : Yeah Yeah It's already been four years, thinking that she would give up in a few days Would that hill mean a lot to her? Enough to endure such a long time? Right at that moment PD : Oh, she came down..! As Hwangu(Yellow dog) made an appearance, 
Baekgu(White dog) came down for the first time!! Has she been waiting for Hwangu? Yet, in no time, she gets back to where she was Unlike Hwangu, who showed delight in seeing her, Baekgu's reaction isn't as delightful as Hwangu is Not even putting a glance at Hwangu Hwangu walks away in no time... And Baekgu's left all alone once again..
Why would she be stubborn enough to keep this seat? As we've looked around the hill.. Found a house that appears to belong to Baekgu Crew : Is there somebody who's been keeping him fed? Would there be an owner, whom we are yet to notice? Yet soon after, A lady showed up nearby Baekgu's house Crew : She's feeding her..? Not only she fills the bowl with water and food, but also gives a greeting to the dog..! Their chemistry does seem special! (Crew : Do you know that dog?)
Lady : I feed her every morning as I'm always on my way for a workout, up there.. And saw her ripping off raw meat of a dead animal she found somewhere Crew : How long have you been taking care of her? Lady : Been almost two years. Two years already. Crew : Every single day, for the past two years? Lady : Yeah, every day. Every morning, every night. 
If I go, 'Whitey here comes your food~', 'come and eat~' She follows behind from a distance, and comes back to the food and eat.. Been already two years since she's been taking good care of 
Baekgu due to her pitiful situation. But, Baekgu's yet to allow the lady to be by her side. Lady : It was just two of them, with a mister. 
Yet, as the mister passed away from liver cancer, he just left her there.. such pity.. In fact, there was an old man who stood by Baekgu's side for six years. There were only two of them in their world, 
in which they couldn't help themselves but to be attached to each other Then one day, the man who'd suffered a great deal from the disease, 
passed away after a long-lasted fight Just like that, she had to lose her only family, without being able to say good-bye. That's how Baekgu left all alone in this world and has been waiting for her 
grandfather for four years since then. Resident : Didn't she belong to this house, that's crumbled? Back in the days?? I reckon that was it.. The dog used to sit outside the door before it was pulled down.. The dog looked quite fab, the white one. This is where Baekgu's house initially been located..! Building Manager : This was how it looked like Crew : Ah.. this one here? Was that the house? Building Manager : There was a mountain at the back of it, 
and that's where the dog sits every day. Comes here and goes there So it means that, this place here, where appears to be wrecked and demolished, is where Baekgu's old home was, back in the old days..! The place in which it was filled with the memories she had with her grandpa But in the year when her grandpa passed away, 
construction for building new apartment has begun.. Amongst the people leaving this town one by one, 
it was only Baekgu, who's left as the last in the empty lot Building Manager : Feels sorry, 
as she's waiting for her owner who can't come back.. Resident : If a random man passes by, she gets up immediately and checks his face.. If Baekgu spots a man in a similar profile to her grandpa, 
she hurriedly moves not knowing herself doing How long should she repeat expectation-disappointment, 
to accept the farewell with her grandpa? What's more regrettable is.. Construction Offcial : Feel sorry about that, 
but the construction will begin before long. Should sort out the dwelling site as well. If the site is gone, Baekgu won't have anywhere else to go.. Before such things happen, we have to rescue her We've decided to place the cage at the side 
where the lady used to put food, and lure her into the cage Crew : One, Two, Three! As usual, the lady placed the food for Baekgu and.. waited until Baekgu comes down the hill Not knowing how long has it been..
Baekgu starts to take a step down the hill slowly!! Soon after, she approaches the capturing cage.. However, as we all expected, she hesitates for a little while. Crew : Oh! She went in! Went in, quick quick!! And finally, we successfully rescued her!! Crew : Alright! Got her, got her! / 
Rescue Leader : Quick, go quickly! Crew : Hey! We got her! Quickly!! Thankfully, she was able to be rescued in a short time Panicked Baekgu, due to the situation.. looks agitated.. As the news of successful rescue was spread across the neighborhood, 
people from the construction site and residents dropped by Yet, there's one last person who'd have wished this moment more than anyone Lady : You all have put so much effort.. that relieves me so much.. Lady : Gosh, after all those hardships..  
Baekgu.. should live a comfy life, you get that?! Been feeding her for the last two years, every day and night, Yet, never been able to face her this close ever before Man 1 : You're looking a bit sad /
Man 2 : She should be Lady : Sure it is, I've been taking care of her for two years and two months..
On one hand, I'm glad, but on the other hand, it's sad Man 1 : You've done so much, been putting so many efforts because of the dog..
But surely it was you who've been keeping this dog alive at the end of the day For four long years, the reason behind her being able to survive in this wasteland is.. Must be the hands reached out for her, people who ached their hearts for her.. Man 1 : Baekgu, you must be with good people, in a good house, 
stay healthy and well Man 2 :  You know, from heaven, 
he must be happy that you're going for a better life. Crew : Would he(grandpa) be happy? Man 2: He would for sure.. should be thinking about her while he's dead, shouldn't he? Man 2 : Though she's leaving, she must miss her home so badly..
'Cause, this is where the house tore down.. So now, she has to say farewell, not only to her grandpa, 
but also the memories she had here with her grandpa Vet : The eyelid here, it's been rolled up inside..
That's been irritating for so long, in which it caused all her cornea's degenerated.. As she'd been wandering about the construction site for long,
 her eyes are troubled by that.. In order to figure out other health problems that might have
 been caused by the same, aforesaid reason, a detailed inspection is carried out. Vet : As you can see here, in ordinary cases, there should be only 'one' dot. But this means that she's infected by heartworm disease, and anaplasmataceae Would have been great if her mind and body
 get much more comfortable as soon as possible, yet it doesn't appear so Vet : By nature, she doesn't seem to carry aggressiveness. 
Hope she finds a good owner who can raise her the best Not only us, the vet or the neighbors, but also Baekgu's grandpa must be wishing the same thing, wishing her to be happy as much as she can 