7th floor of an apartment..
A squirrel built a nest under a air-condition vent on the terrace What is she hiding in there? Observing the inside of the nest PD: UH!!? There are babies! Informant: Oh my, you’re right..
PD: They are babies, right?
Informant/ Yes, yes! There are baby squirrels inside the nest! Oh my god!! hahaha The babies sleeping tight curled up inside Informant: I can’t believe it. I’m tearing up, jeez~ There are babies~~ I wondered why the squirrel was staying for so long The babies can’t even open their eyes yet, but they look healthy (informant: I gotta spread this news) Informant: Where are you? Get a taxi and come home. We looked at what was inside the nest, there are two babies squirrels Informant: OH~~~ I can’t believe it!! hahaha.. OW~ What on earth! Now I have to wait until they are grown up before kicking them out! Jeez, when will it be? BUT I LOVE IT! hahaha Are you okay with this?
Informant: Sure!! It’s good news, new lives are born.. How did this squirrel end up giving birth on the 7th floor apartment terrace… The squirrel hid from people’s eyes and raised her babies here… She seems tired Moments later The whole family gathered up to see baby squirrels Daughter: They are holding onto each other
Husband: Is that the tail?
Daughter: Oh my~~~ It’s so fascinating to see them move Husband: Oh~ they are pushing each other away! Oh, the yawn!! Informant: Ah haha~ So pretty!! Their yawning face is the same!! Jeez.. Husband: Look at the claws~
Informant: I know.. It’s like they have a grandson and granddaughter LOL Husband: I think it’s impressive that a wild animal came up here and lived like this. This can’t happen artificially. Even though we built a nest in here the squirrels won’t live here… Something good is bound to happen… Daughter: It is… I’m scared of dogs but I understand why people have dogs now. Oh my god, this is so touching. They’re so tiny!! The informant feels amazed seeing the baby squirrels growing At that time, the mother squirrel came back to the nest As she comes in, she checks up on her babies She cleans her babies thoroughly Now is time to breastfeed What could be the reason to settle in an apartment, instead of the woods? Park Byung-Kwon, Professor: Oh~ They built a nest on an apartment.. I’ve never seen anything like this. This is very rare How are the babies? Park Byung-Kwon, Professor: oh my god! They have grown hair now, on their body. Approx 35-40 days since they were born Oh, their eyes are open. They are over 40 days old Looking at their state, they must be at least 5 weeks old Professor Park: This is the first time seeing anything like this. I met baby squirrels whilst on the field for research. But, in a city, on an apartment level 7!  This is unbelievable What a mystery that even for an expert this is a rare sight I’m going to have a look around. The squirrel must come here because there are benefits to settling down here The professor thinks that the mother squirrel saw something that benefits her that beat the woods. What could it be? Professor: Before moving in, animals take time to ensure that this is a safe place. They search places around, to see if there are any dangerous factors or predators.. Settling in a place means that they have been to this place a million times already. They know that this place is safe, they know everything around this place There are 5 metasequoia trees, they are 8th level height. This acted as a bridge that connects the outside world and the building The professor assumes that the squirrel must have settled down in here as it is the place that is the least exposed to the predator Even for a squirrel who lives on trees, coming up this high is dangerous. Yet, if the same goes to other predatory animals, that difficulty is the perfect secure measure. This mother squirrel has the best judge for a safe spot To protect the babies from crows or magpies the mother squirrel comes up and down of this high apartment taking all the risk Professor: Tree squirrels start living outside 90-10 days after birth. After some time, the mother will train the babies to climb up the metasequoia tree. If they grow enough muscle strength and skills, they won’t come back home. Then, you can clean this place up and block the entry One more thing It’s not ideal to feed them. They must learn to feed themselves Providing food under their nose will slow down their learning, and it will be difficult for them to survive in the wilderness. They must embrace their wild instinct watching at their mom. What’s best is to leave them be Husband: I’m grateful that new lives were born in this place Daughter: They are here now, I want them to stay safe here and return to nature when it’s time A tree squirrel who built a nest on 7th floor taking all the risk We wish a safe return to nature of them, as a family 