Been exposed to a biting cold with long-lasted starvation, 
these dogs have been exposed to such torment, unprepared The rescue has begun at last, for those who have been enduring this hell-like place The rescue took longer than we thought, 
as we had to comfort them shivering in fear and horror Rescue team : Done it! PD : Is everything done? Team leader : Yes, we're done rescuing all 20 of them Yet, will there be a place to keep them all protected..? Animal Rescue representative : We've found a place to keep them temporarily, So for now, we'll transfer them there, and discuss further what we'll do next After asking all around, an alternative we've found is a pet training center Thanks to that, these kids now can be in a safe shelter
where they can find warmth Director : Oh.. this one's like a skeleton.. However, this place can't be more than a temporary shelter Until the day they'll find a new owner, 
the fate they might encounter is beyond our predictions Meanwhile, at the hospital, meticulous tests are carried out for Hwangu,
who's in a relatively critical condition Vet : Um.. normally under the skin, there's a layer of fat 
But for this one, bones come right underneath the skin Every bone can be touched over the skin as well. Just like an anatomical model, but covered with skin over it Hwangu's skeletal body, which seems it's about to fall apart And.. Vet : We've found some alien substance, like a lump of metal And that's already been carried all the way down to his bowel. All that's been left inside Hwangu is.. a lump of metals Those times they've struggled in a place where they could only find despair.. How much time would they need to erase such painful memories.. Visited the shelter a few days after In the warmth of people, they're having an ordinary everyday life for the first time Feel sorry for them not being able to enjoy the right they should hold for granted,.. On the other side, there's a cozy home for them to take a good rest Animal Rescue representative : 
They artificially bred the dogs in order to produce them edible in the first place. Hence, not only it is such a pity that they lived their entire lives 
in such horrid conditions, wasted all those years, But also, they are locked in a frame that they'll neither be accepted nor adopted, 
not as much as the tiny pet dogs Lesser chance of getting adaptation opportunities, or being discriminated HSI : Since such big dogs are under the social perception of being grown edible, 
within Korean society So we have no choice but to send them overseas for adoption Zeus, who was lucky enough to grab such chance as if it was meant to be Sarah : My name is Sarah, this is my husband Josh.
And this is our dog, Zeus Due to the social perception of being an edible dog.. as well as his look,
he wasn't able to find a good family on the ground of Korea After he was adopted into an American household, With his fancy name, Zeus, he's now a companion dog, 
living a life of being loved and cared for by his own family Sarah : Zeus is a huge part of our family (laughs). For them, Zeus is a huge joy and a gift to their family as himself Zeus' Family : We love you Zeus~~~ (unharmonized) Will a life of such be given to Hwangu as well..? A few weeks later.. Vet : This way~ Been recovering better and better day by day,
 getting all the treatments at the hospital Vet : He's got way better. Well, about being skinny, he's plumped up a little bit as well. We've found cloths and metals (in his stomach), 
but it's all been excreted in the form of faeces So it's fully eliminated at the moment. Nothing's been wrong with his health so far Not only he's recovered his health, but also his facial expression Nurse : At first, we needed to leave the food bowl before him and leave the room. Even when I tried to come in, he wasn't that aggressive 
but kept on avoiding into the corner.. and so on Thankfully, he's been lowering his guards than the first time he was brought in Vet : Good boy~ right~ Hwangu's still scared of the outside world 
since he never experienced a life outside that tiny puppy mil Yet, the medical staffs are teaching him the joy he can find in the outside world Meanwhile, some good news is heard from the dogs rescued with Hwangu Team Leader : We found a place where can keep them in a long term, well-protected, 
so we're going to move them first After moving them, since they are yet to have social skills or so, 
we're going to train them to socialize So we can find adoptees The place where presented hope to those kids is...! A shelter, not only keeps the dogs who've been abandoned or rescued on the streets But also takes care of them for life and trains them to better socialize So now, the kids rescued from the dog farm can now grow their socializing skills and 
be under care until the day they can be adopted by good families Shelter representative : Dogs normally hang out with each other, being friends by nature. So they'll learn those things from being together First, it seems urgent to let them feel at ease in a changed environment Feel confused by the world they faced for the first time in their lives, 
only for a split second All four paws on the ground, 
his steps seem somewhat awkward but excited Rescue Team : Dogs, people, all are delighted hehe.. By the freedom they've never felt before, they begin to feel lively And the people watching them are feeling content as well Team Leader : Feel touched, 'course. 
Watching them running around in a fenceless space. They can be this playful all this time.. However, it's still difficult to rid of the fear they feel towards the people.. How grateful that'll be if they lower their guards 
and accept the warm touch of people without being reluctant Shelter representative : It's going to take some time. 
Since they've all been alone for a long time.. such habits stuck to themselves Planning to train them social skills through hanging out all together,
teach what interacting is And also, planning to coach them things that will make them turn into 
companion dogs, as normal as the other dogs A few days later, Hwangu delivered good news as well Nurse : Norang (yellow in Korean), live a good life there.. Vet : Well, first of all, he never interacted in his life ever since he was born. Moreover, he grew up in the worst, shocking environment, 
which makes it difficult for him to open up with people that easily (However) If a person opens up one's heart and takes good care of him, 
he still has room to be well with people since he's born with a friendly nature in the first place. After overcoming so many adversities, 
Hwangu can finally be under the family's roof for the first time Then who came forward to become our Hwangu's family? Lady : Heard he had some metal wires in his stomach, and so
That just made me hard to turns my eyes from PD : Really..? / Lady : Left me heartbroken.. Lady : Gosh, I'm about to cry This lady wanted to heal the wounds Hwangu's been carrying around, 
so she's already made a room just for Hwangu Lady : This will be the place where Harry will stay PD : Ah, you already named him Harry then? / Lady : Yeah yeah Lady : Harry from Harry Potter.. (giggles) Instead of a tiny puppy mill, this space is big enough to enjoy the earth At last, Hwangu a.k.a Harry now, has arrived to begin his brand new life Family who's been waiting for this moment greets him with open arms Lady : Harry~ Hey~ Harry~ Bit worried if the change of the surroundings cause him to be anxious.. However, as if he likes his new home, he's busy looking around the place Yet.. Harry soon hides in the corner Animal Behaviorist : In terms of human age, 
he walked over the threshold at the age of thirty, outside the door Hence, everything can be terrifying for him Normally, companion dogs learn socialization through 
a human interaction after 4 months from birth, But those ones who were raised to be eaten, 
couldn't go through a socialization process, So for them, the world outside the door and the people can be terrifying For such reason, hastily walking towards him might backfire Animal Behaviorist  : Come on, you can win this, you can do it Unlike our predictions that it won't be easy, 
he successfully touched him, thanks to Harry's active will for food Every time he succeeds, by repeating the process over and over again,
it automatically let him associate a human contact with a positive thing Lady : Awww~ Pretty little thing. How can he place his nose like that? And even with the family, Harry doesn't hesitate to take a step closer Lady : Good boy.. Well done you~ Resident : You're like a proper dog now! PD : A proper dog? (laughs) Resident : Yeah. HAHAHAHA. Thought he wouldn't come out from that house! Vet : At the moment, he's more inclined to approach for snacks, not for family But, he's taken such steps with his own will.
Hence we could say that the wariness he's been carrying is now reduced a lot. Even when there's no snack, Harry comes nearer anyways, showing his intimacy Feel thankful not only because he's opening up his heart, but also, he's feeling the warmth of people.. Daughter : We'll be closer to each other, step by step 
and live happily ever after from now on. Lady : We'll do our best to raise them well. This miraculous life came his way.. Wish the days ahead to be as warm as the sunshine.. 