Informant : I keep hearing a cat's crying from that side A mysterious crying of a cat which has been heard for a few days from the top of the roof It's her *A cat's crying* At that moment, the cat appears on the roof As if trying to find something, the cat walks around the roof It's been going on for 2-3 days The cat has been walking around on the roof and acting strangely.. Next day, pay a visit to the house again Today as well, the cat walks around on the roof The cat cries sadly just like yesterday At that moment Another cat starts crying and the cat moves to the red pillar next to the roof *Cat crying* PD : I can hear a cat crying Upon getting closer to the pillar, the cat's crying gets more louder The cat keeps crying. I walked around to find out where the cat cries House owner : It's here You can find a gap if you put your hand in it Record a video with a phone in a hurry *Cat's crying* Along with the cat's crying getting louder, A small cat is spotted in the narrow gap Then.. The cat on the roof cried because of it? The cat cries endlessly, like day and night I thought the kitten would be in here after seeing her mom passing by The cat who's been crying all day on the roof turns out to be the mother of the kitten I tried tying clothes together to make it a rope and thought the kitten would get on it But the kitten wouldn't The neighbors came togehter to rescue the kitten, but.. Such effort was just not enough.. To look inside more closely, Bring a special camera Deep in the narrow hole, Spotted the kitten's eyes! Even at this moment The mother cat watches the whole situation from the roof The kitten's spotted on the camera The kitten cries non-stop, putting her paws on the wall Oh, I can see her face now As if pleading to take her out, The kitten cries out loud while struggling But it looks almost impossible to escape from the gap *Mother cat's crying* As if the kitten's answering back to the mother cat's desperate cry which looks for her kitten, The kitten miserably shrieks in sorrow Before the kitten gets dehydrated, The crew puts water through a hose As soon as the water flows in, The kitten licks water on her body Next, for the kitten who must've starved, Put the treat inside the pillar The kitten goes near the treat but it doesn't work as she wants to After putting some of the treats on the wall, The kitten starts licking it on the wall As if the kitten's gained energy The kitten cries out louder Upon hearing it, the mother cat goes near the pillar The mother cat who cries for the kitten, which is the only thing she can do, goes up to the roof again She cries to send a signal for help to the people passing by The rescue needs to be carried out as soon as possible Animal rescue expert : The tiles of the pillar will be torn out to make enough space and we'll have to take the kitten out with hands or a rope The gap between the pillar and the wall is too narrow to put the rescue equipment in it With the permission of the building owner, decide to remove only part of the pillar wall Between the walls, The kitten is seen Carefully puts hands in it.. I got her! She's so skinny Finally, the kitten's head's out Rescued successfully! Vet : Her belly is full. Guess she ate the food people had fed her quite well Her teeth are all out as she's about a month old now Wonder how tough it must have been for such tiny and weak baby.. Vet : Guess she squirmed a lot to the point where her paws are injured by scratching the wall She must have been desperate to go out upon hearing her mom's crying outside All her claws are worn away Forgetting the pain of claws being pulled out, The baby kitten must have climbed up the wall to meet her mom Thank got that she could finally go out After seeing her kitten comes out safely The mother cat leaves the roof quietly.. The kitten's transferred to the hospital and her condition is examined Vet : Her condition is a lot better than we expected and she doesn't seem to have any infectious diseases as well Fortunately, the kitten's health is fine After washing off all dirt from her She looks more lovely and cute <3 Thanks to the mother cat's devoted love that never gave up on her until the end A new life could lie before the kitten While the kitten's recovering To prevent future accidents The team works on filling the gap between the roof and the pillar And another good news for the kitten is.. She'll have a new forever home and family! Still feeling flustered, But the kitten adapts to new surroundings quite well soon She eats well too Informant : I'm so glad that she's rescued safely No more pains to the kitten But only good things will lie on her parth Kitty, stay safe <3 