Late night, in the emergency room What we encountered by the time we arrived at the emergency room is.. A Hwangu (tan-colored Jindo dog), rescued in a horrible shape Vet : Well, even on the outside, he looks nothing but skins and bones This appears that he's in a state of severe malnourishment which can actually threaten his life at the moment This one isn't a stray dog. He belongs to somebody. What has happened to this one, who's actually under someone's custody? On the day of a heavy snowstorm, 
an informant who was lost on the street found the scene by coincidence. Informant : Still alive. On the verge of life and death. 
Ones alive are about thirty.. I guess What he showed us as he told it's inexplicablee is.. PD : (Gasps) Informant : There are ones alive. Yet all skinny, skins and bones. Unable to identify whether they're dying, or already dead,
the dogs appear in a horrible condition So we immediately went on the move to look for the scene..! Informant : Look, look how skinny they are. A dog wandering about within a confined puppy mill precariously Every dog who's caught into our sight is as skinny as bones.. became emaciated Everyone on the site went speechless by what's before their eyes, a terrible spectacle And the one who's enduring a piercing wind with his bare body Been raising his voice by the strangers' intrusion,
and soon enough, he starts to bite off the cage bars It wasn't just one, but many that showed an abnormal behavior Leader of the rescue team : It appears, this place is for raising edible dogs This is a 'dog farm' Yet, there absolutely no traces of management wherever.. Assistant Director : Here! Here! Bones. It's dead.. Spotted an unbelievable sight The dead body left nothing but the skeletons Informant : A**hole.. I mean.. Phew.. Informant : They're all dead. Every corner of the farm is filled with souls, gone from this world in pain From a dog gone with his eyes wide open, To the one died brutally Leader of the rescue team : Approximately from 60 to 70 dogs were raised here, 
yet only 20 of them are alive.. What could he been thinking, watching his friend dying right before his eyes.. Leader 2 : Don't know how this would appear on the screen.
But the site is a sheer living hell Been caged the whole life and unable to set free even after death. 
This place is nothing but a living hell Leader : By the look of their conditions, they all been starved for long.
About to go dead. That's what all we see from here. This clearly is neglect by intention, caging living beings
 and deserting them until they all go dead. Would there be any trace of feeding the dogs? Team member : Guess, they brought the food waste and feed it to them .. 
but this hasn't happened recently either Looks it's been long since they actually feed them Furthermore, PD : Has the electricity been cut? Team member : Reckon, it has Another awful sight we faced in this place where hasn't been managed for long PD : Hey Was this to ease his hunger..
A long cloth is pulled out from his throat endlessly It seems it's in urgent need of a rescue.. However.. Leader : (Those dogs in the farm) Are in the realm of owner's private property,
so we can hardly take forceful action at the moment For a rescue, we need permission. Resident 1 / That place wasn't even near the road, and 
there are no people coming and going.. Resident 2 : Never heard that place has dogs. 
After this thing made, express road, I no longer take a trip there.. 5 years ago, an expressway was built between the farm and the town,
which made the neighbors have no business to visit the farm anymore And that's how the neighbors had no idea whether this farm has been existing.. Hence, no one knew the whereabouts of the owner either. However, we can't just let our hands at ease 
when the freezing cold continues to live on.. So we've decided to improvise with the vinyl covers in order to protect the dogs from getting hit by the freezing windstorm And trying to put them on a blanket.. Yet they keep on dodging from the blanket They all appear confused by what the rescue team's doing Team member : Guess they're unfamiliar. Have neither seen such a thing before, 
nor somebody have done such thing for them. By the thought of them shivering in such cold wind, in the bodies of skins and bones, 
it breaks our heart.. This time we prepared some food to fill their stomach just a little at least.. Leader : Should provide liquified food, with water, 
since they have been starved for quite a while.. Just in case, they might gulp the food down too quick, 
causing indigestion, hence we've prepared liquid food.. However, kids don't seem to be willing to eat, unlike what we've expected Leader : Right, take it slow.. It's alright, have it Putting a moment of hesitation behind, 
they slowly begin to fill their stomach How long has it been since they last had a proper meal.. The farm in which the dogs see as a hell, where it supposedly plump up the dogs to sell them off, We can't even guess why the owner abandoned, 
neglected, deserted them, causing some to death.. In the next morning, a strange truck has arrived at the farm PD : Sir, are you raising these dogs here? Sockcocker : Yeah PD : Do you actually know there are tons of them died here? Sockcocker : I know. They died from an epidemic PD : They didn't die from an epidemic, but because they've been starving. Sockcocker : No it's not PD : So you're saying they died because of an epidemic, not from starving? The owner keeps on insisting that the dogs have been dying from a disease To check if he's telling the truth, we brought a vet 
to investigate what caused these dogs to death Vet : Look, this one's gone skin and bones! This kid!
You starved them to death, didn't you! What did they do wrong to cause them starved to death! 
Why do you even keep them! Sockcocker : Hey.. Stop filming, stop that... please stop Vet : Well, dying from the epidemic simply doesn't make sense. And the time of death is all different. If there's been an epidemic,
there should be the same dead bodies lying around, at the same time, Yet, they all went skinny.. it simply can't be seen as a result of an epidemic This can only be resulted from starving or dying from cold, freezing to death PD : They didn't die from hunger, YOU STARVED them to death, didn't you? Sockcocker : I didn't 'kill' them.. PD : No, if you haven't feed them, and that's how they starved,
isn't this a murder then? Vet : Since when you stopped feeding them? Sockcocker : Been 2 to 3 months, from stop feeding them Vet : You haven't been feeding them for two months?
You must at least give them something to eat, drink, sheltered from wind! How on earth can you starve these kids to die!!! The sockcocker leaves the scene.. What if there's a story behind all this.. so we decided to visit the city hall to find out more about the issue Officer : That dog farm is a business company that is declared as food waste disposal They should be using the food waste as dog foods, within the bounds of their dog farm in the first place.. Yet it turns out, their business is to 
collect the food wastes from the large restaurants, to recycle into dog food,  in which they acquired official approval. It isn't a quality food to offer.. however.. Why hasn't he been feeding not even this? Man : So they get $500 to $600 or $700 to $800 by collecting the food waste, PD : Ah, so that's how much they get? Man : They get that money, spend that all for themselves. Then they need to feed those (to the dogs in the farm).. but
they rather not do that but sell them off to disposal companies instead.. Making money the hell out of that Eventually, such tragedy began from the money.. How much money would they make out of those innocent lives? Are you happy to sustain your living? With such money? Leader 2 : Even though they were born
 with a fate to die at the end of the day But letting all those living beings die out of hunger is just.. Unable to take a single step into this world.. Caged in mucky, cramped puppy mills the entire life, 
the edible dogs eventually face tragic deaths in reality Yet, for those who aren't even allowed to face such deaths, 
this place is the hell itself. The next day, the police force paid a visit for an investigation We've requested a field investigation in order to rescue the dogs Police : We are going to bring the farm owner in for an inquiry Sockcocker : Out, get out. 
You all are clearly trespassing, so leave. 
Quick, aren't you all leaving yet? As he's put in the difficult position, 
he starts to kick the crew out, suddenly claiming for his private property Yet, the rescue can only be done when the owner gives up on his ownership upon the dogs.. Rescue team : If you give up on the ownership now.. Sockcocker : I'm going to feed them.
Imma feed them all again! PD : I mean, you shouldn't say that you're going to raise them in such condition Sockcocker : Ah, that's none of your business anyway This pr*** doesn't seem to ever give up on the ownership If this is the case, we might not be able to rescue them City official : We will bring in those dogs alive under our protection via an emergency rescuing Vet : Come here, it's okay.. don't worry Thankfully, the officials approved for rescue without the permission of an owner, by considering the seriousness of the situation Yet, since this kid doesn't know whether their efforts are for good or not, he begins to hold out as much as he can Barely brought him out.. By the thought of dying when he's brought outside.. 
he seems terrified Vet : Ones have severe conditions, hardly able to walk, probably have to move to the hospital as soon as possible for treatments First transfer to hospital is settled for those who are in need of urgent treatments Rescue for the rest of his friends will be continued in Part 2, 
Please stay tuned 