Cast a shadow of darkness in such tranquil daily life because of a strange noise that wakes an informant up every day Maybe it's just a wind blow? OR maybe someone's peeking at the informant's room..? Tries to figure out where the noise came from, but.. Who is it? A bell sound vanished like a wind.. A mysterious visitor who passed the informant's house.. Who could that be? Informant : I got something that bothers me recently With fatigue hung over her face, the informant walks to the window of the master room After checking outside briefly, she shuts the window quickly I can feel that somebody has been watching me for months now... But then, It's a tinkle of a bell! It's here! With a spooky tinkle of a bell and a strange sway of paws.. Who the hell is it? PD : Huh? The identity of a stalker who's disturbed the informant's sleep at night turns out to be ... PD : Is this dude?
Informant : Yeah, this kitty hehe What's so scary about this cute little kitty? *Burning glare* PD : The cat stares at you so much.. Informant : I know right? She's been watching me like that every single day The cat's been visiting the informant's house dozens of times a day Hold up.. What's that leash and the bell? Informant : I don't know how she got them. She had it in the beginning
PD : From the beginning?/ Yeah Seeing the bell on her neck, she must have a family somewhere.. We have no clue why she keeps visiting to surprise her When she closes the window for her who seemed to have a wrong address "YO open it" She moves to the other room to take a rest "OPEN IT NOW" As she doesn't respond, the cat turns back with a bittersweet look on her face She left! Informant : She came back again Huh..? What's that little shadow.. "It's me again-meow" The cat followed the informant to the window of the room she moved It's baffling, right..? The cat keeps following me back and forth and she chases after me a lot as well Informant : Wanna come in? You wanna come in? The cat doesn't take much interest in her proposal You told me to open the window though. Am I a joke to you? Cat : Wut.. Did ya just close the window? The cat goes back to the window of the master room The cat screams out loud, pleading to open the window Driving me crazy.. Informant : The cat cries out loud if I don't open the window for her, even in the morning or at dawn Her inconsistent behavior which confuses us if he wants to get in or not makes us go out to talk to her.. Yet, she runs away with her hair standing up What do you want, seriously.. If I try to adore her, she would run away.. She's such a dork I don't think she likes getting attention? Obsession, like being clingy, I hate those things Maybe she's hungry? Place a bowl of a meal and leave the space for him The cat walks to the bowl with light steps and without hesitating, she starts digging in You made this whole mess because of food? Now that she's finished eating, We thought she wouldn't hover around the window anymore, but.. The cat shoves her head into the narrow gap of the window again.. Hmm... PD : What do you think she wants?
Informant : Sigh.. I don't know.. Dude.. Leave though.. Instead of leaving, the cat sits in front of the window She's still crying at the window outside As if she got exhausted, she seems to go to bed now The horror of a tinkle of a bell ??? Looks like the informant didn't notice her yet The informant checks the small room After checking that the window is opened, she starts looking around the room in every corner Informant : The cat's here..
PD : There? / Yeah Cat the trespasser : Close it hooman, the light is too bright Shameless Informant : She didn't even think about coming into my house before, and didn't come either even when I asked The cat who didn't cross the line, trespassed into her house one day and shoved into the dark and cornered spot.. Informant : The cats on TV show usually find a safe place to give birth when they get pregnant Heavily pregnant cats who are due search the surroundings to find a place where they can safely give birth to kittens We often encountered cases in which they choose a place they think it's safe Then... Are you pregnant or something? Take her to receive the ultrasound test right away Vet : Based on the ultrasound examination, the whole internal organs are functioning fine and the absence of ovaries and uterus, and some traces on skin indicate that she received an operation before What matters more than pregnancy.. is the trace that she was once spayed? Then she must have been raised by someone in the past or still has her family now Ask around to find out if she has a forever home PD : Have you seen a cat with a bell on the leash? / No, I haven't I haven't Never seen one with a bell We could hear about the cat from the landlord of the informant's house PD : Did she have an owner?
Landlord : Not really. The resident who lives next door to the informant's house feeds her and put a bell on the neck That's why she would run into the house when the window was opened, and sleeps together sometimes.. The resident who used to take care of her like a family lived next door But as the resident moved out 6 months ago, the cat was left alone... Editor : Do you know this cat? The woman who used to take care of the cat : Yeah, I put the bell leash around her neck She came through the window of the master room when I'm there and when I moved to a smaller one, she would meow outside the window She would come to me If I call her outside in the alley The woman that the cat nothing but shamless But she opened up her heart to the cat who approached her no matter what in the end But the farewell had come at their feet.. I was planning to take her with me when I moved out But my new house didn't allow pets in the house So that's why I couldn't take her with me After that, I visited there to find her as I couldn't get over her in my head But she didn't appear that I cried for a bit The cat had to face farewell with the good people who have been raising her for a long time For the cat who couldn't forget their warmth touch for help The informant's house might be a safe haven where she wants to go back Vet : The cat isn't stalking the informant, but she's strongly attached to her house The house is where she was happy and enjoyed. It's memorable as she has so many good memories in there That's why she came back to bring those memories back again In the hope of going back to those old, good times The cat visited the house every day I feel bad for her now.. I think she misses is very much Eat up The informant, who wishes her happiness, decides to take care of her at her home The cat shyly.. walks to the informant! As if she felt the informant's sincerity, she seems to open up her heart to her <3 