For 3 months This cat has been stuck in that narrow gap I think she's too scared to jump Coz then she'll get hurt I first saw her in September. Early September. He thought it was a coincidence But after seeing her crying every day from the same spot he was certain that she’s stuck After that, he has been feeding her She cannot live in the signage forever Decided to rescue However Huh? She’s not here In the little gap between the signage she disappeared completely She’s been there for 3 months Where did she go? 2 hours ago A narrow gap behind the signage Act natural some plot twist When she’s done with her business comes back home She pretends like nothing happened and sits in her usual spot Hush! Let’s keep it between us She’s acting like she’s stuck again.. Why is she doing that? Dr. Shim Yong-Ju | Cat research expert: The cat is there because she was cornered to be there not because she thinks of it as her home It’s difficult to see her thinking that place is comfortable. It wasn't voluntary, but she deemed this place as her safe place Let’s see (Nervous) (Anxious) She looks around cautiously when she's outside If there is another cat present (Swoosh) She would hide in the signage again Dr. Shim Young-Ju | Cat research expert: She cannot find herself food. Why? There is a risk of being attacked, going outside of her safe place for food. This is why she had been begging for food to people. She wanted to survive in the harsh situation With the rescue team Again, going into the rescue mission We have set up a rescue basket in her secret pathway What is happening? She is pushed by the fishing rod to the end of the signage She is right in front of the rescue basket Should I go.. or not? Seeing her unsure (Frustrated) At that moment, she steps into the basket! Now, push it! (Thump) Mission Success We got her! Hahaha How is her health? Health Check-up Cha Jin-Won, Vet | WORLD PET Animal Hospital: She has her skin covering her bones, basically. There is zero fat, see? Cha Jin-Won, Vet | WORLD PET Animal Hospital: I think she wanted physical and mental stability more than food. For her, the street world is too harsh, and the world in the signage is a free world She has had good experiences with people feeding her Cats who’s experienced this thinks very good of people So she won’t have any problem living with people Fortunately, she likes people When she gets her good health back, she’ll meet a permanent family.. Hope she'll forget about life in the narrow and dark signage We wish you mucho snacks in your future~! 