Sometimes you encounter random faces at an unexpected time Resident : The cat has been always here. I check her every time I pass by Unexpected, the heroin of today Resident : The cat's over there The one draw people's attention is a cat The cat reveals herself among complicated parts underneath the car As the crew approaches carefully, the cat becomes cranky.. Resident : I haven't seen her elsewhere, but she only stays here all the time as if she's protecting the car The cat, who looks very normal, stays at one spot underneath the car only, which draws people's attention Not to mention when she eats, even when she relaxes or cleans herself She stays at one spot underneath the car Stray cats normally wander about here and there, looking for food And the cat doesn't seem human-friendly at all.. So many mysteries here.. At that moment, a lady turns up A cat toy and.. cat food as well? PD : Is that your cat? 
Car owner : The cat isn't, my car is. The car lives under my car that I named her 'Gyeongbi' (means janitor in Korean) Car owner : Gyeongbi~ Come out.. I need to drive somewhere with my son.. Come out, hurry! No matter how much she persuades.. She moves further away, rather than coming out Car owner : I couldn't drive for a month A recently-bought car and another car behind.. It's been two months since the lady left them unattended Can't just watch that little cat take over my car anymore Car owner : Look at this mackerel. Eat up How can a cat ignore the grilling fish? Well, she does.. Car owner : How can she resist its smell though.. Car owner : I'm going to leave it here. Come and have some I was my grand plan to have my meals served in front of me I watch her from here every day / You do? I check if she's eating up or not If the water bowl gets empty, I serve her water right away. Our family has got to put her first in everything THE first in everything coming his way out Car owner : The cat's out! What the hell dude? Wait, who's that fluffball next to Gyeongbi? PD : Who's the white one?
Car owner : Gyeongbi's kitten
PD : Her kitten? Car owner : She's been hiding her child underneath the car
PD : Then her kitten has been there all the time?
Car owner : Yeah, to keep her kitten safe The reason why Gyeongbi couldn't leave the car for a month was because of her kitten! The kitten hides like this After checking no one's around The kitten comes down and shows himself Upon hearing noises, The kitten hides in the car, and he repeats Car owner : The kitten runs so fast to hide in the car. I've never seen him close before The kitten could've been in big trouble if the lady had tried to start the engine to kick Gyeongbi away from her car Car owner : That's why I can't use my car. I'm taking a cab with my son to go somewhere else PD : You're taking a cab when you have a car? 
Car owner : Yes, because of her What if something bad happens to her or she gets injured? I have to take extra care because lives are in my car.. The lady and her family gave up convenience with dear attention for lives Thanks to that, Gyeongbi and the kitten could stay safe that day Next day Another stray cat turns up around them Without hesitating, not even for a bit, Strong mother Gyeongbi kicks the stray cat away Even after that, she doesn't let her guard down so easily It seems like they're not safe even underneath the car How did they end up here? Car owner : There used to be two at first, but only one has left. I don't know what happened to the other one Gyeongbi had to move around with her two, newborn kittens She lost one of them in such dangerous street That's how she hid her kitten underneath the car in order to protect him Car owner : I think she feels safe underneath the car because it's dark down there I think she's better than humans. She has such a strong maternal love But she can't stay under the cat for good With the car experts, find out the ways to safely rescue the cats in a short time Machanic : If we start the engine now... The kitten is right next to a car muffler, between a cover and a muffler to be exact. If we start the engine, waste gas which is very hot would come out and it might leave a burn on the kitten's skin The kitten got his spot right next to a muffler where waste gas is released Rescue team : We'll place two capture cages and take extra care since we have to capture both of them Need to close the cage when both get in They're coming out The cat walks into the cage after searching around it for a while. The kitten also follows behind Gyeongbi Rescue success Car owner : So pretty~
You guys have done so well. Must have been tough to endure the heat.. As they've lived among dirty parts of the car Their health might be in trouble Vet : The mother cat didn't leave her kitten alone not even for a sec Then she would've had to hold urination, which created sludge in her bladder Now it's the kitten's turn Vet : The kitten's in good shape. The mother cat took good care of him The kitten is super healthy thanks to Gyeongbi's loving care What's left for them now is to meet a good family Prepared a healthy meal for Gyeongbi who still feels strange about everything around her Gyeongbi's owner : She's gone through a lot so far, being stray.. She needs some nutritious meal Gyeongbi~ Eat up thGyeongbi and the kitten already went up to the top of the cat tower Aww, you're eating so well Good girl eating up so well I'll raise her like my family.. It's safer at home than underneath the car As you all must have wondered.. Her car is running just fine 