Another peaceful day on the land full of rabbits.. Wish every day was like today, with no worries Wado Flying knee kick ROUND.1 Imma smash you bruh..! !!! Save rabbit Hey, Hey, do you wanna see who has stronger muscles? Let's make up, Dude, wanna drink some punch? I mean a fist punching Or you can have a paw punching too :) In the middle of chaotic fights, some rabbits are injured Why go crazy for hurting each other? Rabbits' owner : About 15 rabbits Rabbits' owner : About 15 rabbits ran away from the herd one day The alpha rabbit was one of those ran-away rabbits Then the rabbits who remained starts fighting for dominance One peaceful day 13 rabbits including their alpha escaped The rabbits who remained are fighting for dominance! They dug the ground under the wall The mister's rabbits digging burrows They've dug about 100 burrows only in this spot Why did they run away? Leaving baby bunnies behind? Why did they run away? How do I know.. I don't know exactly why During those 5 days while I was in another region for a business trip When the mister was absent from home Attempt to dig burrows, The rabbits ran away There's one over there Where? Here :) There's one more here The rabbits are found in here and there and an easy target baby bunny I think I can catch you easily? (The crew) Heave ho Laughing Catch me if yo can,
The rabbits are shamelessly upsetting the crew I planted scallions here I planted scallions here, But they're all gone now because they ate em all They ate blueberries too. They nibbled away at the leaves as well It's a lacquer tree It's a lacquer tree But the rabbits already began gnawing it A hot mess Damage is what matters, but the biggest concern is Vet : They can sustain feeding activities for a few days But if it gets cold suddenly, they can't look for food, which might cause them to die in a group Big sacrifice is the price they should pay for freedom! Hurriedly decide to capture them! Many are on your hand. How bout dat Found rabbits In 5 minutes right after they arrived, starts capturing Out now A rabbit's caught Caught! Succeed in capturing one of them first A hidden rabbit "Why causing troubles man" Not easy to capture the rabbits, the struggle is real Move away No way ! ! ! +rabbit 1 Almost missed.. Why are you so good at catching them? (A student who caught a rabbit)/ I was a goalkeeper You were a goalkeeper? You were a goalkeeper? (Student) Yes *Getting anxious in front of a camera* +rabbit1 Felt nervous.. +rabbit2 They're getting caught anyway, one by one Done capturing 12 rabbits/
What's left now is.. The alpha rabbit Shoot.. Argh Damn fast Da boss for sure It's getting serious Here, here the alpha's out Yo! I'm a boss! When the alpha lowered its guard..! Capture success Now you guys are all here Let's go home.. Today's special meal -> Sweet pumpkins Nom nom I will feed them better and nurse them well No more running away!
There surely no place like home, rabbits! 