On December 13th, 2019 Rescuer1 : I can smell something burnt.. or burning.. Rescuer2 : Hell no.. Vet : Scorched a lot.. One urgently brought to the hospital was in critical condition,
 smelled of something heavily scorched.. Nurse 1 : It was shocking as I could smell scorched, burnt, and by the fact
that he didn't react to anything.. Nurse 2 : Was horrible, even just to look at..
Felt sorry to even touch her Vet : Since we could smell the burnt flavor even from the distance, 
We could immediately notice that the trauma comes from fire or a torch... Yet, there was more to it Vet : At the skull, there are signs of fracture caused by a blunt weapon identified, in which we could quickly speculate that it was all a person's doing. Considering the injuries left on Yumi, it's highly possible that
a man could have done such things on purpose A week's passed.. After several adversities, she was able to get the surgery What kind of devil's doing could have left serious burns from head to toe? Yumi Vet : The face, neck, half of her back, and the entire abdomen. About 40 to 50% of her body was covered with third-degree burns, 
and the size of it is quite big If there wasn't an emergency rescue carried out, 
she might have left this world, I presume.. Yumi's condition is severe enough to see her being alive as a miracle As if even just breathing brings her pain, Yumi cries out desperately.. She's in the worst condition to even make a person feels painful to just watch Can't imagine how much pain Yumi's now feeling.. To bring light to the truth of what's happened on that day, 
We've decided to investigate the wounds left on Yumi as the clues Fire inspector/ Huge injuries are concentrated on the front, gets lesser as it goes towards the back.. There's none here It looks like a huge flame swept in a short moment, just once All the burns are focused on the front of her body Fire inspector/ There are some particular torches
 used by butchers or on the construction sites Torch for butchering Fire Inspector/ By a usual torch used in homes, it wouldn't leave such wounds, I think. Most likely through utilizing a torch, connected to an LPG gas barrel, 
the flame could be able to cover the entire body of the dog We've checked whether this would leave similar marks as Yumi's Fire inspector : If a fire has a certain direction, it leaves this kind of shape Surprisingly the burnt made on this exactly resembles Yumi's as well Fire inspector : In our term, that's called 'fire shade'. After the flame brushes, where it can hide from the flames, leave as fine as this If a fire shade's been made, that means the intense level of flame went past at a certain angle, at a fast rate Most say such method's 
commonly used for butchering Perhaps, Yumi has escaped from such process.. We've revisited the town 
where Yumi was found to ask around Resident : Guess they missed it, while they're going to eat them. Probably thought she passed out while burning her alive. Resident : This place is famous for eating dogs. Nobody looks for their dogs 
when the actually lose them Yet, while we were asking around.. We were able to meet a lady who claims that her dog as well got into a terrible accident recently Jindol's owner : Couldn't find him from the last Tuesday, like the entire day. Never been like that before. Never been like that before. The only thing I hoped was to actually find him... So we've looked across there, took around the neighborhood.. But we couldn't still find him. The lady was looking for everywhere to find Jindol, but she failed to do so And a phone call came in Jindol's owner : Said Jindol got into a car accident.. Collapsed and bleeding.. And I panicked so badly.. Couldn't even recognize Jindol, as his face was so swollen.. I might want to deny the fact, but I kept on denying that it was Jindol My husband, stood by me, said, "I think, it's Jindol.." 
So then I held him, and turns out it was Jindol Jindol found in a horrible shape.. Was wounded badly on his head, and the body was blacked by some burns The hospital CCTV footage shows exactly 
how urgent the scene was at that time Vet : On the tail, the back and the hind leg.. they were all burned by something, and smelt badly of such And most of the trauma is concentrated on the head.. The bones supposedly to have some sort of continuity.. but As you can see here, there are parts where it's broken PD : Ah.. it's just broken? Vet : Yes.. Vet : Even the right forelead, there was a deep cut in which even the bones are protruded Even the teeth are all broken Vet : Since some of the burns are so overlapped, Fights between the animals, a car accident, or hurt from the fall, they all sound so unlikely to diagnose in his case It nearly seems like it's been done for the purpose of killing It's highly possible that someone could have done such horrible things on Jindol as well... Jindol's owner : Wanna go home~? Alright.. Okay.. Don't.. Don't stand Uh?! Gosh, lord.. She feels painful to simply watch Jindol 
came back home, covered in wounds overnight.. These two cases, looking alike by looking at the fractures on the head and the blackened burns. Both cases even happened within the same town Yumi found (2019.12.13) Jindol found (2019.12.15) Wouldn't the assaulter of both cases might be the same..? Resident : I came out, and saw him from here to there... Luckily we were able to spot CCTVs surrounding the place, so we could navigate the route that Jindol took A route in which Jindol walked back after being attacked by someone Suspects that Jindol came along the street connected all the way from the deep inside the town Jindol's owner : He's attacked from that side or somewhere this side and walked down along this way It rained the next day, so I wasn't able to find any traces of his blood drops or some hair left Wasn't able to check as it poured a lot.. There were no longer a trace or evidence found.. Wouldn't there be more traces left where Yumi was found? Thankfully, the CCTV footage of that day was kept safely Yumi rushing hurriedly, soaked in blood, 
as if she's being chased by something First reporter : Came in like this 
and crouched in the corner there.. At that time, she was drenched in fear, crouching in the corner to hide herself away We've decided to study other CCTVs located on the same path where Yumi rushed from Yumi, running hurriedly towards the factory Resident : Came down from this path The path in which we suspect that Yumi's come from PD : Can hear dogs barking..! And there are dogs..! Is somebody raising them all here..? PD : Excuse me? Shockingly, hundreds of dogs were locked up in confined, puppy mills, deep inside the farmhouse.. They are rasied in terrible condition, even at a glance.. As we walked past the yard and went insdie the house.. As expected, it was filled with puppy mills with dogs as well.. PD : Went so skinny.. Moreover.. there were mother dogs, breastfeeding with the scrawny body... A horrifying scene, one couldn't even watch with bare eyes PD : Gosh.. I can't.. To find out if there's any connection between the owners of the farmhouse and Yumi, we've decided to wait up When we were about to lose track of time.. A white truck drove in.. PD : Excuse me, sir? PD : Hi, we are from a broadcasting station. Just want to know whether those dogs belong to you? Fothermucker : I do, yes.. Why on earth is he keeping these dogs? For what? Bit** : We used to supply in a market, 
but the supply line's been cut. That's why it's all snowballed. PD : You mean the route's been banned? Fothermucker/Bit** : Yeah Yeah, 
that could be the only reason why it ended up like this Fothermucker : Ah, Can't sell 'em. Someone needs to eat so we can sell~ But no one does these days That's why we're keeping them. PD : Then you should have sent them away or something Fothermucker : How on earth would I know such things? What they're saying is, they've been seeling dogs as 'food'..but But the supply line's been cut in which they can no longer sell them off. That's why they're keeping so many of them. PD : You've never butcher them yourself? Fothermucker : Nah~ Never.
Why would I do such a thing, they're like my own kids PD : Would you raise your own kids in such condition? Fothermucker : I do no lies. If you must say I butcher them here, would I've done it so unprofessionally? We strike them with electricity so that they can't run away What he says is that he might have used something 
better to butcher him Then that day.. Who was it who's done such horrible things on Yumi..? Animal welfare org : The purpose is quite clear, as they're burned, it was to eat them.. But striking their heads like that, it ain't easy for somebody who's never done such a thing before to just strike dog's head And that leads us to the fact that, he's experienced. But considering that he let the dog run away, Not even checking whether the dog is alive or not.. all these things show the unprofessional side of him That makes everything so ambiguous Then, it might also mean Yumi and Jindol was cornered to become edible? [The owner of a dog farm has been prosecuted for breaching animal protection laws since they've been utilizing electrical shocks on dogs] [A dealer was caught for slaughtering dogs in the most horrifying way] Electrocution used to butcher has been accepted as one way of breaching animal protection law. Such precedent cases prove that social recognition towards killings or giving pains to the dogs has shifted. Two days later, we revisited to the farmhouse.. The dogs are all gone PD : Where are they gone to? Fothermucker : Chungcheong-do PD : Chungcheong-do? 
Were they moved to another dog farm then? Fothermucker : Nah, it isn't a slaughter house, but a shelter. My friend introduced, so I have no idea whom they were sent to Funny that he sent the dogs who he cares like his own children away to nobody Bit** : Some came from the city hall Fothermucker : F*** me At the right moment, an official from the city hall came by the farmhouse PD : Hi, we are from SBS. Do you have any idea where these dogs sent to? Municipal officer : Can we talk in private? The officer walks off to have a talk 
with the owner in private PD : Can't you tell me where they were moved to? The officer : No comment And he left without saying a word Would a local government be aware of the dogs' whereabouts? The owner temporarily sent away those dogs, so we're still looking for their whereabouts atm For now, we are focusing to look for an attacker who abused the dogs The only thing left for dog farm is to proceed with the administrative procedure, that's all I can say Where have all those dogs gone to? Though they were able to leave the cramped puppy mills, It's still worrying to imagine that they might have faced the worse reality somewhere outside Animal Farm and Animal Welfare Org has requested for police involvement, upon the grounds of their coverage Police : Yes, we have assigned two special forces suited to Jindol and Yumi's cases And we're currently investigating the CCTVs and the actual crime scenes We're yet to specify the suspect, but trying our best to do so... What we can only rely on is, 
the reports from any witnesses Hope the attacker of this 
horrific incident come to the light.. After a few days, we dropped by 
the hospital where Yumi kept Yumi's temporary guardian : Yumi~ let's eat Makes us all thankful by the fact that she's holding the ray of light, bearing all the pain We can't even imagine The guardian : She'll take trauma treatments from now on, and we won't be looking for adoption over a year or more from now. Jindol's trying his best 
to come back to his life as well.. I think, the weight of life is equal to us all. 
Hope no one underestimates their life ever again.. Yumi and Jindol came back alive
from the verge of death.. But, their pain is yet to end..Wouldn't there be neither another Yumi nor Jindol..? If we are aware that they are 'beings' who feel what we feel,  Wouldn't there be no more of another Yumi or Jindol..? Yumi's recovery after a year will be out next week...!
Stay tuned with Kritter Klub! 