Informants filed an urgent request to rescue a cat Informant : I found a cat with something stuck in its body The cat was limping with an injured leg According to the informant, Something's stuck in a stray cat's body Informant : The cat limps with his leg lifted I couldn't watch him closely enough though, Something hard was hung in his leg.. They lead the way to the place where the cat is often spotted Someone placed a box over there Seeing him active around here, I could make a guess that somebody's been feeding him Living in an apartment though, The cat's extremely wary of people that he barely appears to people But then Found cat curled up in the flowerbed As the crew approaches The cat gets frightened and runs away Due to his extreme wariness, people couldn't take the thing off from his body Follow after the cat who's running away, but.. Where is the cat? / I can't find him, where did he go? Again, the cat disappeared It was blue. A blue rope Guess someone put it around his neck like a ribbon when he was a baby Maybe it probably became smaller over time, which tightened his neck Or he got stuck with something and it didn't fall off completely when he tried to get if off What's the thing in his neck We'd like to help him out, due to his wariness towards people, however, The only thing we could do is place food for him To observe him more closely, install a camera nearby and wait for him to emerge.. After a while, The cat finally appears The cat, however, doesn't put his guard down easily After hesitating for a bit, he starts eating up The thing on his neck is latched on from his neck to arm He hides again to avoid people How long he would be able to endure more in such cold Next day A rescue team arrives at the site Check his condition first Animal Rescue Group : Seeing him limping his let, It looks hard for the cat to step with it on the ground. I guess he knows that he's sick Actions need to be taken with more deliberation than ever At night, Install a capture cage where people barely pass by and wait for the cat to walk into the cage Oh, the cat is here The cat comes closer to the cage after smelling the food He doesn't lower his guard yet, He hovers around the cage He's going in! Rescue success! As soon as he's rescued, the team runs to the cage right away Upon an unexpected situation, the cat gets extremely anxious Calm him down by putting the blanket on top of it and check the thing on his neck A random plastic is shoved into the skin from neck to front leg Transferred to the hospital immediately Vet : It's stuck very tightly Can't push it out to his head I assume it got stuck when he was a baby Move him to the surgery room. He needs to get surgery His condition is worse than expected Remove the plastic first How did he got stuck in such thing? After it was removed the injury's revealed, which is worse than expected Vet : Muscles are exposed, so we need to address these first and fix the protective layer The pain must have been tremendous The cat must have struggle for his survival while roaming the streets in such critical condition The long surgery's ended How did it go?  / It went well He'll recover well, but the plastic shoved into his muscles more than I thought Fortunately, it didn't harm his bones, tendons or nerves He'll be able to walk without any troubles Once his wounds are healed, and he's spayed, The cat will be sent back to his home where he used to live Stay strong until you go back home <3 