A cat heading to a fried-chicken restaurant And a man Hey, Nabi greeting the stray cat Then, he gives the cat food.. But.. The cat doesn't even take a glance at it She cries, as if asking for something else As the man gives her chicken meat The cat takes it in her mouth and heads to somewhere else As Nabi cries out loud Baby kittens come out from somewhere Nabi has been raising 5 kittens in a secluded spot where people barely come She not only gives her chicken meat to her kittens, but also breastfeeds them to make sure they're full After taking care of them, Nabi heads out again Entering another restaurant as if she's used to it, and meowing again to let people know she's here After then, the staff member comes and gives her food This time again, she doesn't eat but takes it in her mouth Fried-chicken place owner : We didn't know about this cat as we moved here recently She's notable for asking for food in this village PD : Does she go to other restaurants too? / Yes The cat's quite renowned in the village PD : Have you seen a cat with one injured eye? BBQ restaurant owner : Yeah, I even named her / Her name? Yeah, I call her Daesik The cat has so many different names This is where she comes and cries every day The man feeds the cat with the leftover meats over the two years PD : The cat seemed to have an eye problem She lost her one eye From what I heard She was beaten up in a random kitchen she entered Beaten up by a person? / Yeah Nabi's eye got hurt when she was looking for food Since then, the villagers started to give her food out of pity From one day, however, the cat didn't eat but began to take it in her mouth instead Determined to raise her children safely, Nabi doesn't stop begging for food until late at night To check Nabi's family An expert comes The expert draws the kittens' attention with a rope to find out about their temperament The kittens' showing an interest (Their temperament is) Almost the same as a home cat Yet what's strange is.. Cat expert : Stray cats are generally weaned off in 8 weeks since birth and 2-3 weeks later from that, they leave their mom But Nabi has kept her kittens for quite a long time. I can say that she's being overprotective towards them in some ways When kittens become old enough to that point, Mother cats would push them away intentionally But Nabi doesn't stop giving them attention and breastfeeding them She still keeps her kittens with her (even when they're old enough to leave their mom) At that moment A staff member of the factory says hi to Nabi Maybe we can hear about Nabi's story from him? It was probably about 2 years ago. She was very wary of me when I approached her The one random passenger saw us and said "That's the cat I abandoned because I have to move out" Oh really? Did she/he say that to you? / Yeah Besides being abandoned, another heart-aching story is behind her.. Last year in May or June I guess I saw her crying, so I checked on her to see if everything's okay Then I found dead kittens' body.. She cried so sadly It sounded different from just crying definitely A year ago, Nabi lost all her kittens After her kittens' death, Perhaps she promised herself she'd never lose her kittens again But will it be safe for them to live on the streets? Cat Expert : It's not a good environment for cats to live They might get in a car accident as cars pass by often On top of that, the mother cat once lost her one eye to an external impose which could also happen to her kittens as well Considering all this, it's best to rescue all of them together The rescue is decided for the sake of Nabi and her kittens' safety who lives on streets where endangering elements exist As the capture cage is installed, Without getting suspicious, the kittens go into the cage Without standing a chance, the three are rescued first! But the rest two are not seen Animal Rescue Group : Catching the mother cat first to lure the other two would be a better option The kittens still are wary of people Decide to use the mother cat as bait to lure the other two kittens Upon hearing the mother cat's cry, the kittens appear! One is going in The last one enters the cage as well All are rescued successfully! No more dangerous life on streets, But Nabi family will start a new life The villagers who've been taking care of them You were my best regular customer though... How do you feel that they're leaving? It's bittersweet.. Goodbye, Nabi I think I'm gonna cry If I see her more Thanks to the people who root for Nabi's new life, Nabi family could be transferred to the hospital safely How's their health? Vet : All of them are in good health Not sure what she's been feeding them so far, but They have no particular health problems including infectious disease THANK GOD But how's Nabi't injured eye? Vet : Overall, her health is fine besides her one eye missing The loss of an eyeball usually leaves traces, either as in deformity But no traces are left at all If it was caused by an accident, her eye could've been fallen out completely Her eye is completely removed that it can't be treated at all Despite her eye being injured, she raised her kittens healthily Vet : 'Wise' would be the perfect word to describe Nabi Because, as a mother, she chose to beg for food, which was the best option she could take, for the sake of the kittens' survival Clever mother Nabi, Hope you bloom with your kittens from now on <3 