Informant : Saw a dog from the rearview mirror, while I was passing by I wavered at first since I have other dogs to take care of I initially turned a blind eye, but couldn't get away with it eventually So I went back and (rescued her) As you can see, this one here, she flips her body a bit today But when she first got here, she couldn't even move her body, completely stiff A dog with ragged fur, the dog was found in the middle of the traffic road
Being abandoned The informant felt weird about her, not moving at all And it turns out that her body's entirely stiffened, 
unable to make the slightest move This is all oil, she was thrown away after being soaked in the oil The dog was found drenched in the oil in the first place What's really happened to her? Informant : When I found her on the road, couldn't find any trace of food. But.. From what she's thrown up, I can see that she had dogfood 
even right before I found her But she's not taking the food I feed her This proves someone's been taking care of this dog Stray dogs in general, have their particular odor, I've checked her ears and all Yet, I don't think she's been on the street for long What she suspects is, that it hasn't been long since she was put on the streets If she's been on the street for a long time, her ears must look somewhat dirty I wash my kids once a week, but even their ears don't look as clean as hers Other than being drenched in the oil, She looked as fine and as healthy as other dogs, been taken care of What made the informant most upset was.. She can't use both hind legs.. Are the forelegs fine tho? Are the forelegs fine tho? / Yeah, guess both look fine She's unable to bring strength to her hind legs Would this be why she was thrown away? Come on Even though she wants to move, 
her body seems stiff She keeps on shivering Taking her to the hospital is the number one priority! What worries us the most is that there might be something wrong with her, not feeding herself at all Vet : She's about 7 years old, not more than that I guess Her teeth condition's not so bad as well. This one's a Maltese, with a good pedigree I don't think the fur got tangled when she was brought to the street, I guess the fur was already lengthy by the time she's gone out, Speculate that, hence she became a stray dog Informant : A day before we found her, it rained a bit But when I spotted her, she wasn't soaked in the rain Only had some oil and water on her legs, 
since she was abandoned before the oil shop But neither her head nor back at all It's just my speculation, but I think she was with someone up until that day It's more convincing that she was abandoned Perhaps, her previous owner might have left some trace Don't think there's any recognition chip found It says that it's not registered Then how about the condition of her legs? Vet : Her legs nearly have lost sense, and have a few bruises on her belly And the bladder seems quite bloated She can't put strength to her lower half, 
which means that she can't carry out a bowel movement It's almost like one another pushes out Considering that she has problems with defecation and urination, 
as well as waist-down paralysis, These all lead to the fact that a huge impact was exerted on her spine,
as far as I see it An unknown impact forced upon her back might have caused the waist-down paralysis.. Just in case, there might be Is it here? / Yeah, it's where she's ditched A trace left about what happened on that day Hence we visited the very scene There, we found the CCTV nearby the scene It has the footage of the informant turning her car around, getting to the scene And bringing the dog with her Would there be anyone who's seen it? Seen her around 10.. / In the morning? What time do you usually go back home? /
It's quite early, around 4-5? Didn't you spot the dog before then? / No if she's appeared out of the thin air, shouldn't she be spotted on the CCTV? But there comes a white dog, all of the sudden She appears to be walking on her legs When she was found, wasn't able to use her hind legs, Yet, her legs were perfectly fine in the first place The crew began to look for other CCTVs There you go, Channel 4 Another footage is secured In which it shoots the same street on the other side of the street Will the truth of that day come to light? A vehicle come rushing urgently makes a sudden stop And the car slowly steers clear of something A faint silhouette of the white dog is seen after the car made a sudden stop After the dog was hit by the car, dashing Moves towards the pavement.. Luckily she's brought to the hospital, 
yet her condition doesn't seem so lucky at all Vet : Look, the color of the urine appears to be bloody Since she can't urinate herself, there came a second bladder infection.. There's some blood coming along with the urine She's in the condition of being unable to urinate herself Vet : According to test results, she has malnourishment Hasn't got any vaccination yet What concerned the most is that she's low in energy and spirit As her fur was cut to take a closer look in terms of diagnosis and treatment, Her body as dry as bone came into the view Vet : The biggest concern is the waist-down paralysis. Currently, her right hind leg is in a fractured condition Which is in urgent need of a surgery If she drags around the leg, fractured, this shall definitely be necrotized, which makes things even worse then Enduring the pain on the street.. all alone It must have been a struggle for her, just to be 'alive' Vet : She must have got the paralysis when she got into the accident Which also means that there was neurological damage exerted upon her.
For such damage, it requires a quick, precise treatment within the golden time in order for her to recover from the damage. What I feel the most upsetting is that she missed the golden time. The moment when the car crashed upon her and turned its back on the dog, severely wounded She's become unable to walk ever again Amid people's day-to-day indifference, She was in unimaginable pain all alone.. Why such horrible thing should have happened to her.. Informant : I feel so bad / Why do you? You're the one who saved her Informant : No, I shouldn't have turned a blind eye in the first place Does that still bother you? / Yes.. If I rescued her, the moment I saw her, I wouldn't have felt this bad... The lady feels guilty about the moment she once hesitated Despite the care and love, given from the good souls, A few days later, She left us, gone to be a shining star in heaven 