A mister running a fish restaurant The real reason why he buys fish is.. Fish restaurant owner : A thief breaks into my restaurant from the night and dawn The thief takes every fish from a gizzard shad, eel, bass, and black porgy the thief has been stealing fish in the restaurant Install a surveillance camera to catch the culprit The identity of the culprit turns out to be.. Dalsoo Dalsoo? / Yes What's Dalsoo? This fella is the thief A real otter! Not to mention the financial loss because of stolen fish I need to go to the auction to buy another fish because of the missing ones Some customer leaves as they couldn't have what they want on time Business hours are about to begin I won't let him steal today Block the fish tank with a heavy stone If it's blocked this way The business 
begins for reals I need to cut raw fish and look over there at the same time It drives me crazy Cutting raw fish while watching the camera lol Finally, Dalsoo appears Hi Gives zero ef to the crew lol I've never seen this before? Thump* He's busy just in time Eventually, the lid of the tank is opened.. Looks around Dives in (Fish +1) Towards the stream,
Gotta be fast when running away.. The culprit always comes back to the crime scene Wait, this is..?! Convict grouper More than 100 dollars in market price You die if I catch you The mister was a bit late Didn't Dalsoo come just before?
The otter took the fish away Shoot.. The otter did? You were just watching him? You had to kick his a** Followed by burglary. property damage ;( If an otter wasn't registered as a natural monument and if it was a boar, I would have caught him already 'Cause I served in a special force (He's saying he's sad 'cause he missed him) Dalsoo isn't seen Hope his voice reaches to Dalsoo Why does Dalsoo leave the stream and come to the fish restaurant? (Ecology expert)
It's the ocean after the bridge Let's find out the reason Expert/An estuary where a stream and an ocean meet is the best spot for finding prey But currently, the estuary is under a construction with fences installed, which took the best spot away from otters (River) (Ocean) A harbor where a stream and an ocean meet is under a construction! Dalsoo was a victim Dalsoo moved his base of activity to a safer and better place because the restaurant is more advantageous in procuring energy But what he did was theft for us, not a prey activity Dalsoo had to cross a dangerous road to go to the restaurant..! First off, block every access to the fish tank so that he can hunt on his own At the same time, to have him get familiar with hunting in the stream Dalsoo appears Feat. Fish restaurant owner,
Satisfies his hunger by eating fish first thought he was swimming roughly Suceeded in hunting on his own for the first time Dalsoo, help yourself as much as you want :))) 