The informant never knew she'd meet such dog in such place.. PD : Hello, we're from Kritter Klub Informant : I called you because I witnessed something astounding Come follow me PD : It's not here? / Not here The informant is leading the team to a suburban area where it's remoted from the vilalge What's in here? PD : You mean.. Here? Informant : They were here before though, where are they? They come out from that sewer pipe PD : Did you see something inside the pipe? I saw a Retriever dog! Retriever..? Informant : Come out, baby~ At the moment when we wondered how a dog could live in such place.. A dog, looking around, comes out upon the lady's call Informant : Good boy~ Come here~ Informant : I could only see one dog the day before yesterday when it rained a lot PD : Not just one? / Informant : There are two The crew hurriedly checks why they could only find only one Deep in the pipe, we found two Retrievers What are they doing here? PD : When did you find them?
Informant : About a month ago when I was walking around this barrage to enjoy the fall leaves, I found them I looked down the waterway and got startled by their appearance from it They looked horrible... I found them before they almost starved to death A month ago.. The informant found two dogs in terrible condition on her trip to enjoy the fall leaves Informant : You'd never know if they're inside there from this angle We could find them because we looked down After they're discovered, PD : What's this?
Informant : This is dog food. I added dog food in fish soup Fish soup and nutrient supplements.. She's been feeding them every day like this She uses a wooden ladder to deliver them food to the pipe Informant  : Come here, eat up~ The dog seems to be hesitated, But soon he walks to the food While eating, however As the lady approaches, the dog runs away from her How come these Retrievers, who are known for their family-friendly trait, started to fear humans? Informant : No, I'm leaving Informant : They get too afraid to come closer to people unlike their wagging tails I couldn't touch them for once. It's okay~ They even run away at any noise.. The dogs don't allow her to come closer to them even when she's been feeding them for over a month Informant : I reported them to the dog shelter and asked to catch them But I was told that they couldn't because they're in the pipe.. The rescue failed several times due to their severe wariness After a while since we left, they come out They started to finish food they couldn't with the people around them Soon after, feeling energized perhaps, they start to romp around and play Their demeanor totally changed from before when people were around Them standing against the wall.. It looks like they want to go out PD : So they can't come out?
Inforamant : I guess so. I'd say that they can't If they could, they would've gone out already for food Why would they choose to stay there when they were starving to death? PD : Ah.. They can't jump over this wall Their clear footprints are left on the surface of the wall Why did they end up being isolated in such place? Maybe there's the other way around? But it's dead-end at the end of the way Along the stream, after walking through the way on the other side, Found a tunnel..? Does it lead to outside? But it's a dead-end again Then how did they enter the waterway? Asking around to see if there are someone who knows about then Local : I believe nobody in this village raised them Local 2 : No, I never saw this dog before Looking through the list of missing dogs just in case.. PD : I don't think they're missing ones.. There's no retriever on this list Couldn't find any clues about the two dogs... But then! PD : They came out? To where? Informant : The dogs are out
Local 3 : Here they are
PD : Where, where, where?! The crew got a report that the dogs came out.. Are they the ones who were in the pipe? It looks like they are the ones who were in the pipe! Informant : It's so strange.. This is where they go back and fourth Surprisingly, they've been casually moving back and forth to the factory site If so, there must be a route which links to the factory drain *Hideout                                                  *Exit Decide to backtrace the secret passage in the sewer A 40-meter ahead of the sewer pipe, A deeming light is shown The crew hurriedly checks outside Oh, they came out from here! Through the hole here Found a new sewer pipe *Newly-found sewer pipe/ *Hideout/ *Exit (From the left) Informant : If they knew how to get out from there, why would they stay there? They should've come out and found ways to survive There's no reason to stuck in their hideout when they know the way to get out We need to check if they go out through that tunnel in fact As the night falls.. As if it's customary, The dog appeared in the sewer pipe.. They go outside through the hole which we found in the daytime Then he looks around the place alone where there's no one The other dog also come out and roam the road Is this how you guys have been enjoying the night? As a car approaches in a distance The dogs jump to the waterway Frightened dogs hide inside the pipe again.. Why do they get frightened so easily though.. Perhaps that's why they've been hiding so far..? Relying on each other, they fall asleep Unexpectedly, people who witnessed them showed up Man : Yeah, they're the ones! Woman 1 :  I think it's him. He wasn't this big I saw them last summer Woman 1 : The dog came to me when I standed still You could touch the dog's face? Woman 1 : Yeah, I thought someone took them in because they were too clean, or they found their owner But I couldn't find them since then.. The two dogs who's roamed this place over the past six months Even followed strangers What happened during the past six months which made them change a lot? Informant : Maybe they were hit by someone and got traumatized.. That's why they fear humans so much They think they could only be safe in their hideout The dogs were left on the street cluelessly.. They might have been hurt by people who harassed those homeless dogs In fear, they probably hid inside the pipe where no one can access Without getting enough clean water, Wonder how long they could survive in such cold weather.. On top of that, one of them seems to be in bad condition PD : Oh no, the dog threw up After throwing up, the dog gets droopy.. Informant : Are you sick somewhere? Huh? Why are you guys lying down flat? PD : What happened? Both are facing down like that. Something wrong must be going on Just by a glance, they seem to be in a bad condition.. What happened to them? Stay tuned for part 2 