Resident 1: Called Fluffy. He's famous Resident 2 : If I call him, Teung-soo, he comes running Resident 3: We called him Mungchi?! He's called in several other names Resident 1 : His face looks like a Sapsaree Resident 4 : His size is about medium, I guess.. Resident 1 : His body and legs are short Resident 5 : The fur's covered all over him. Can't see his face, eyes..
To express it.. he's like a sweeping broom You know, that lion in the lion dance. That's exactly  how he looks like Face of a Sapsaree Covered in fur Worn a sweeping broom-like fur all over his body Guess we've found the right one.. Is it tho..? As one of our crew goes closer, Hurriedly leaves the spot and runs away.. And he walks into one of the apartments.. Resident : Boksil! Let's have some treats~~ PD : Hi ma'am! Resident : Ah, hi there PD : You're the owner of this dog? Resident : Nope I'm not PD : Ah, you're not the owner then? Resident : Yup. He's just a stray dog, wandering around this neighborhood Boksil is a stray dog who wanders about this neighborhood, without an owner As she keeps trying to feed him some, he keeps on making himself scarce Resident : Boksil, come here~ Though he was given a snack right under his nose, he doesn't even look at it Resident 2 : Tulbo(Fluffy)~ Hey~ Another neighbor tries to feed him, but Boksil doesn't even take a bite Resident 2 : Been 4 years already, since he wandered about this neighborhood PD : HUH (Shooked) Yeah, Resident 2 : But he doesn't have the owner. But he just roams here and there.. 
we all feel pity of him Since he's been wandering for four years, 
everyone in this neighborhood knows about him.. Resident 2 : He's like a celebrity.
PD: Is he?(laughs) Resident 2 : You're a spy if you don't know him Resident 3 : All neighborhood's taking care of him.
Offer him food and all.. This one became a real celebrity, calling those who don't know him spies Is that why? It's not one of the residents who's feeding, but all of them.. But what's weird about it is that he's not interested.. Resident : We have dogs as well but he doesn't take what my dogs take. 
He's weirdly picky in taste. Got everything cuz we didn't know what you like ;) (Would take at least one of these..) No.1 Dog chew PD : Not this one? PD : How about this one~? No.2 Beef Jerky PD : Not this one too? No.3  Mini Ball Treat PD : Not even this one???? A top-tier treat, Sausage (Tears..) The best pet food, Pork Belly BBQ Why is he being so lethargic? Resident : When Boksil came first, there were five of them or six of them came together. Used to feed 'em all.. but at some point Resident : This one here, she's his wife. 
Can't see their pups in this, but they always stayed together. Resident : Somebody reported them to the police. His pups and all. So he ran away and cried all night, I hear.
Eventually got depressed, not feeding himself and so on.. Boksil had to witness the scene when his wife and pups 
were captured due to a report, right before his eyes. He's been in such grief of losing his family, who had stayed with  him all this time It was residents who took care of Boksil who was in such agony He might be enduring the painful past within the reach of those who helped him.. Next morning Boksil's still keeping his seat As one of the residents passes by, Boksil immediately runs up and Chases her behind Boksil's delighted face that we've never seen before Among all the residents, she's Boksil's favorite However, Grandma : He never comes in my arms Though Boksil's very fond of her, he never lets grandma neither hold nor hug him.. Grandma : Let me hold you.. Whenever grandma attempts to hold him, he stays away from her for a while Grandma : Once, he showed his belly. Though he opens his belly, never allows me to touch Been doing this for over three years already, but he never lets me or anyone. What can I do with him.. Makes me tear up when I think about him PD : Why.. why is that hehe.. Grandma : Cuz I feel pity of him.. If Boksil allows us to touch him, 
we'd be able to remove all the clotted hair at least.. Resident : When we tried to cut those with the scissors, he just didn't let us. Sneaked the scissors once, but it didn't work either. So we just gave up on it Resident : As soon as I pulled out the scissors, he smelt the metal and ran away from the two-meters distance. This one's a super smart. How can we help this clever kid? Animal Behaviorist : In Boksil's case, he carries the fear of being captured by the hand The fear, that once he got into someone's arms, he won't be able to get away The reason behind it is that he thinks he'll be sent away somewhere. Since he's seen his family being captured and sent away, he's still carrying such fear, fear of being caught and sent away Animal Behaviorist : Once he learns that he can always get away even though he's caught in someone's arms, He won't have much problem in being held or hugged We've decided to begin training in a closed place To let him get used to people touching Resident : Boksil~ Boksil, come over here~ Unexpectedly, Boksil enters with no hesitation Grandma : Aww sweetheart. You're here? Animal Behaviorist : We're going to wait now Begins to wait until Boksil gets calmed down Soon after, he sits by showing his back?
(Showing one's back means their trust) As he's stroked slowly.. As he's stroked slowly.. he stays still..!! Animal Behaviorist : Now, massage him, nice and gentle. Massaging is to relax his body, so that he won't feel tensed when he's touched What's important is to take the hands off once in a while to let him recognize that touching doesn't necessarily mean holding or capturing Animal Behaviorist : Now, sir
Let's put your hands in between his armpits and wrap around it to lift his forelegs slightly and put them back down Just the forelegs, then put them back.. Right By repeating this, it will plant the thought that he will always be able to go away though he's caught in someone's arms or hands Animal Behaviorist : Turn him slightly to face grandma. A little bit more.. And now put him back down By allowing him to face his favorite grandma, 
it will plant a positive memory Animal Behaviorist : And now sir, 
can you slowly lift him? As he was put in grandma's arms, he's hugged like a baby PD : How do you feel? Grandma : Love it.. PD : Have you ever hugged her like this? Grandma : No, it's my first. To grandma, this moment feels like she's in a dream As if Boksil's been waiting for this moment, 
he lays quietly, enfolded in grandma's arms Animal Behaviorist : He doesn't seem to resist at all. He looks so comfy, without any resistance.
Should kick and scream supposedly Grateful but sad to see him in the arms of people like this, as he'd been hurt by the people and unable to open up his heart Vet : He's looking good considering that he'd been living on the streets? Ears look clean.. Has no respiratory disease. Someone's been taking care of him? Who was it? PD : All the residents in the neighborhood Vet : Ah, no wonder. That is why. PD : Does it make any difference? Vet : A lot, actually. But there's one last problem to solve.. Vet :  Looking like he's in the first stage of heartwarms. Yet, if he gets medical treatment and is taken care of as he's been, he'll surely get better in no time Resident : Hello~ Resident 2 : Woah, Boksil, my gosh..! Student : Boksil, is that you?! Resident 2 : He actually looks like this? Boksil, my god hahaha Resident 2 :You don't have to suffer in cold or have to be in the rain anymore Or get stoned by the people...right? Stay healthy Resident 2 : Don't doze off when the elder speaks to ya 
(Boomer energy) Grandma : The only thing left is to live happily ever after Since there's a lot of people who value Boksil this much, 
he will surely live a happier life from now on  ;)! 