A cat is on full alert.. As the man approaches, The cat gets even madder The man hurriedly leaves the room... Son : My cat hisses these day.. Unlike the past days It started from some point, and it got worse.. But.. Austin the cat is nice and friendly to other family members except for the son Are you discriminating hoomans..? Son : The cat hates me only.. As the cat became docile by the touch of mom, Son stretches his hand to the cat.. The cat extremely hates his touch! Did he bite you? / No, I just got scratched.. His hostile demeanor is not understandable, because.. Son : I used to be his owner Son used to be his owner? Son who moved out 3 years ago started to raise Austin at home Since a year ago, his parents have been taking care of him for their son who became busy from school work Son  : I visited my parent's house about twice a month He recognized me every time I visited my parents There was no problem at all. It was the same as usual Then I visited him once in four to five months Then he started scratching and biting me After he graduated school, Austin became aggressive to the son who came back home Perhaps he was mad that his owner didn't come to find him Now Austin's become father's sidekick Son : I hate him. Hate him so much. That was exclusive for me though... To shift Austin's cupid arrow from the father to the son, Mom helps his son I thought maybe he doesn't like my smell.. He loves catnip Son's trying to win his favor with his favorite smell Will it work? Catnip doesn't work at all.. What about food? Austin shouts at him with no doubt.. No matter how hard he tries, Austin refuses his touch.... Only after he leaves, Austin eats at ease Why has he changed like this? Maybe he's in fear that what surrounds him would change as the person who abandoned him once came back Even when he runs into the son, Austin seriously gets mad As if something about him irritated him, Austin starts attacking the son who did nothing.. Son : It's getting worse He bites more and gets angry at me It's pretty tough... As we can't just give up now Decide to get help from a vet What caused his servere wariness towards the son? Vet : Fear and horror are what makes him look intimidated and tensed There must be a reason behind his demeanor Son says something came up in his mind Son : I ran to him, saying "Austin, I'm home!" I snuggled him and rubbed his face Son who came home in a long time Ran to Austin once, calling his name Perhaps it was where the trouble began.. In Austin's point of view, a giant cat with a strange odor entered his territory Cats instinctively protect their territory Austin saw the son running to him while screaming as an attacker He probably still has an uncomfortable memory from the past Austin perceives family members as his peer cats living together except for the son who lived apart for long Austin perceived the son's affectionate touchy moves as an attack towards him Vet : Your father didn't like the cat at first But cats like those kinds of people He could stay still as your father didn't approach him If you run after the cat, he'd run away So you need to do push-pull with the cat Austin already think the son as an invader Thus, the son has to wait for the cat to lower his guard while looking indifferent to him Vet : Switching the father's clothing and the son's might work For the cat who recognizes people by their smell Son changed to his father's clothes, Austin's fave Wonder how Austin would react.. I think he's a bit confused? Austin looks flustered Even when the father leaves, Austin doesn't follow after him! He stays next to the son The distance between them is getting short Mom : Oh my god.. My heart is thumping.. He put treats on his lap Austin starts eating it He even hops on his legs! Austin lowered his guard He doesn't hiss at him. How can it be possible Peace came in a year I couldn't even take step one out of 10 in total, but now I just did one It feels great We didn't know how, but now that we know If Austin hisses at him less than usual and lowers his guard more, their relationship will get better, and that's what I hope Love for Austin has always been there.. Hope one day he understands their love.. 