There's a cat with a nail stuck in his head coming to the diner every day He doesn't let anyone near him, Not even to someone who's been feeding for over two years It seems quite urgent to rescue this kid as soon as possible With help from those who wish the cat to be rescued, They've made a custom capturing cage The cage is set up at the back of the diner Where the cat comes by very often And been waiting from then on But we weren't able to catch a glimpse of him PD : How long have we been waiting? Animal Welfare Association : It's been about.. 10 to 14 hours already At the moment when the time flies like an arrow, He's here, here The cat has finally come! But he immediately becomes wary of the cage Which wasn't there initially Quite a skeptical one in the first place, so It's worrying that he might just leave the scene The owner of the diner decided to give some help Meow, hey Let's eat, here you go He came down as he hears the voice of the lady Yet another cat comes along and starts to feed on the food! About to eat it all Another cat, gulping down the food And the one watches him/her feeding on it Slowly, he lets his guard down and steps into the cage And not to miss out on such a rare chance, the cage slams shut! Blankets, hand me blankets real quick! Successfully rescued the cat with a nail! Everyone's shedding happy tears After the cat gets calm, Then move him to another cage Hey Kitty, get well soon. Had a lot of fun because of you Finally, it's time to end such a terrible pain How would be the condition of his head? Vet : Shall begin with some tests and then will move on to surgery First, he was given some detailed tests Vet : There's some wing-like thing on his neck As far as I see it, it's an arrowhead It's not a nail, but an arrowhead? According to the X-ray result, it's actually an arrowhead! Vet : There are three wings hanging there, One that's gotten off is stuck at the skin This is an exposed wing of the arrow, And there's one that's buried within Luckily, the arrowhead didn't hit right through the skull And that is why this bud is still alive The arrowhead, which passed slantwise but close enough What matters now is how to remove those wings, that are stuck deep enough, safe and sound Hoping him to courageously endure the surgery... The surgery began As the arrowhead that has been troubling him is removed, The arrowhead removed is way bigger and sharper than we all thought Fragments of the arrow, that is too horrible to believe that it all came from the underneath of the skin How long has he been suffering.. Vet : The surgery went well, safe and sound Thankfully, he didn't have much problem with neither the skull nor the brain How has this horrific stuff ended up in the head of a cat Vet : Guess, it pointed from underneath, from the upper jaw facing towards the ear It was fired from underneath and got stuck this way it should have been done while he was at a higher position than the one Vet : This arrowhead can only be stuck when someone did it with intention Wouldn't it be difficult to get hurt by a lying arrowhead? Should definitely be done by intention If we find out the whereabouts of this arrow, Wouldnt' the culprit's identity rise to the surface? So we decided to get help from bow experts Bow expert : This particular item is called a broadhead It's this one here Wow.. It's exactly the same The one the expert brought was the exact same thing that was found from the head Bow expert: This is particularly made to hunt down buffaloes or boars overseas, which are tough-skinned and have strong bones Neither those who enjoy archery as hobbies nor people like us, not only can easily find this but also are aware of how to use it For the purpose of hunting down large animals, 'Broadhead' arrowhead is often used.. Compared to other ordinary arrows, it's known for a stronger destructive power Unlike the ordinary arrow, penetrating right through a bottle Bow expert : As you can see, there isn't much water flowing out of it If the cat hit with an ordinary arrow, it wouldn't be able to cause such wound Yet as the bottle was hit with the broadhead, The water is pouring down! Can notice its power even at a glance The water drained out all in a second Bow expert : The cat was attacked in the face by the arrow with a broadhead, right? If it really did, the broadhead couldn't possibly be stuck in his face Should have penetrated through the face, but it didn't. What this means is, The culprit used something other than the arrow, The culprit used something 'other' than the arrow? Bow expert : Should be able mistreat him at first The most probable one which can be accessed easily I think A sling? Yeah, I think that's the one As they remodeled it It wasn't able to pass through and hit the target But got stuck in the obstacle Even the direction and the angle resemble the one that got stuck in the cat's head Perhaps, if we trace back the route to purchasing the 'broadhead' online, wouldn't we be able to find the suspect..? But there were plenty of sellers Crew : Hi, we'd like to buy an arrowhead and wondering, does it take look to be delivered? Seller : No, it takes about 4-7 days, excluding weekends Crew : You can use it anywhere? Seller : Yeah, you can anywhere Even the schoolchild can hit anything in 50m if he has the strength Such destructive, horrific thing.. Can easily be purchased with a few clicks.. The tip of that arrow eventually aimed at the innocent ones Bow expert : I insist that, the sales should be done within the realm of professionals, those with either hunting within the domains of the approved hunting ground There's certainly a problem with being able to purchase such dangerous things online, that easy A few days later, we visited a shelter for cats in the suburb This kid here, the one side of his eyes looks quite odd He was rescued this January because his eye was injured Jang-goon lost one of his eyes Abndoned Jjajang, after being hacked severely Mandu, found in devastating condition has gone to heaven, after the rescue To those who easily open up with the slightest touch and care, Why would someone want to give them pain and be cruel? One who threw an arrow towards the cat, why would she/he had to do that The current case is under investigation after being reported to the police by the animal protection group 