A cat with severe injury on his head is reported Quickly following after him The wound on his head was worse than expected Informant : I thought it was a twig I followed his back slowly to pull it out if it really were a twig But it was a nail stuck in his head And his eyes were rolled back How did he get hurt terribly.. Even if we try to help the cat, He keeps avoiding It's not easy to catch such a vigilant cat The cat vanished into thin air in a sec PD : You can't find him, right? / No Capturing devices are installed everywhere, but.. For the first two to three days, we placed 2-3 capture cages Then we increased its number to 20 as we couldn't catch him Over 20? / Yeah But the cat didn't walk into the cage The sensitive child has been avoiding capture cages And hasn't been caught yet so far Did the cat come? He's at the very end of the way (Be quiet) As a hasty approach could only increase his wariness, Decide to watch him in a distance Place food nearby And leave a space for him, but.. The cat doesn't move at all As we'd placed food here and left He became less wary of us He needs to put his guard down towards people first Or else, nothing can be done for now At the moment when we were waiting An unexpected news came upon He's come here almost every day over the two years / At this restaurant? He comes here every day to feed himself He wasn't injured back then. He looked fine But he was pretty boney and stumbled... I felt pity watching such look Since then I started to feed him The lady has been feeding the cat over the 2 years It's only been a few days since he got hurt Probably during a month, between April and May The cat showed up with injury One of his eyes was gone and then he got a nail stuck in his head At first, he showed up with injury On his next visit, they found that he lost his eye And next time, he showed up with a nail stuck in his head I just couldn't stand and watch him turning up with one eye being lost.. We cried out of pity I said "Why did you visit me with such a hideous look. It makes my heart ache" The good thing is that the cat becomes less vigilant in this house The cat has to walk up this stair and this roof to come all the way up here, which is not easy If he often passes here, we can rescue him at this spot The next day after a long wait to observe the cat's movements, We got the news that the cat came to eat Upon a closer look, The cat's injury was more severe than expected The cat is still anxious towards the lady who has fed him for a long time Dragging his fatigued body, the cat starts filling his tummy The cat struggling so hard to survive on his own.. Is that really a nail in his ear? Can't imgaine how painful it would be.. I feel so bad watching him walking back and forth.. With the sincerity of those who'd like to give hands, We hope the cat to be rescued safely.. The rescue can't be delayed anymore The rescue team arrives at the site and plans out to catch the cat safely Animal rescue group : Using a net scoop to catch him wouldn't be enough As the cat's built a strong bond with the lady and has faith in her, Creating a capture cage that fits this space would be the best Made a large capture cage that covers the front yard of the store to prevent any injuries to the cat during the rescue Animal protection group : Cats generally are hostile about existing capture cages But the cat would feel less suffocated and be less anxious about being confined in the new one we created At the moment when the cat comes to eat The cage will be shut after the rope is cut After several practices, The day of the rescue has come PD : If you ever spot the cat, call us / Okay A vet also waits at the site Vet : The cat doesn't seem to suffer a complete skull fracture That's why he could still survive until now If he's left untreated, however, it could develop into septicemia, which can lead to death The cat needs to be rescued and treated asap Would the cat show up again? PD : Hello? Oh, is he coming? Why don't you stay away from the cage? He might not come when strange people are around The cat finally appeared in the alley near the store Prepare a meal as usual He went to other places Got it, call me back if you see him coming Perhaps he sensed something strange.. The cat disappeared to somewhere.. PD : How long have we waited? About 13-14 hours? Until the night falls, the cat didn't show up At the moment when everyone was getting exhausted from a long wait.. The cat is here! As usual, the cat visited the restaurant Upon seeing the capture cage, however, the cat gets wary Can he be rescued? 
Find out in part 2 