One parking lot of an apartment A movement of some creature.. Resident : I saw something passing quickly Uh, it's there, there, there!! PD : Here, here, here!! A mysterious creature in the basement parking lot Who are you... Resident : When I was parking, I saw something flying above my car It was pretty fast and nimble PD : Oh, that one over there! Too speedy to chase after it The chase, however, still goes on PD : It went over there~ Over there! Such elusive creature never gives us a chance to see its face It's a bird for sure.. PD : I have no clue which bird it is because it's too fast.. Having no choice left, we decide to wait for the bird in the car Then, the bird comes into our sight Finally seeing the main character of today... Who are you.. Keeper : People thought a pigeon entered at first So they didn't take much interest in it With its unusual body size, its wildish fluttering wings As if it's going to hit the ground, the bird flies low with its stunning flight skill Definitely not a pigeon. It's amazing how this mysterious creature, been staying in the B3 for the past week, could enter this place Where the bird is the deepest section of the basement parking lot of a large-scale apartment complex The bird must have flown all around to find the entrance to go down the two floors I don't think someone released it on purpose, Dogs or cats could enter the third basement, but it's impossible for a bird to do so.. Did this one really find its way to the way down.. Decide to get help from an expert Expert : It's brown hawk-owl It's a summer bird, designated as a natural monument Wild animal expert : The owl must have been lured by the mobs and insects who followed through the air of the parking lot, warmer than the outside I think that's how the hawk-owl went inside the parking lot The brown hawk-owl flew after the prey which went into the parking lot for hot hair What the owl found instead are cars everywhere with strange surroundings The brown hawk-owl must have been startled by flashes and noises, which pushed it to the end of the path.. Expert : It's the farthest from the entrance and this space is the best hideout Whenever people pass by, the hawk-owl gets extremely wary and stays alert Upon hearing any endangering noise, it quickly moves to the other corner But then!! People : It flies away!
PD : It flew up! The hawk-owl frightened by the people got away from the B3 for the first time But soon after, the hawk-owl quickly finds the space to hide The hawk-owl came back to the corner of the B3 again.. Resident : How could it feed itself though.. I don't get it How long has it been like that? / About a week..? Gasps.. It also changed a lot from when it was first discovered Resident : It doesn't move.. I'm a bit worried. We lifted a bowl of a meal for the hawk-owl who starved for the past week Will it work? Soon after, the hawk-owl came back to its spot As if feeling anxious, the hawk-owl doesn't leave for a while The following evening Resident : It didn't eat
Resident 2 : It's hard now It didn't even touch the food It's the same for the other food bowl Yesterday and today as well, the hawk-owl didn't eat at all Resident : Maybe the light is too bright for it, or it didn't eat because it's not in its habitat, The other possibility is that it could've smelled a human's order in the food While searching around the hawk-owl, The expert found something Expert : This is evidence that it ate something Though we found traces that it ate, we shouldn't be relieved by it Expert : The fact that its feces are thin proves that there were no big enough creatures he could eat and leave the leftover In other words, there was not enough food it could eat, and flying around continously could result in a concussion if it gets hit by a passing vehicle Or in the worst case, it could die from roadkill Sending if off to nature is the best possible solution The parking lot is not safe for the hawk owl anymore By the atmosphere which is quite different from usual.. The hawk-owl's eyes look extremely wary Expert : As Its weight, health condition, or stamina remain unknown for now, Capturing it with a net trap is the best option for now Decide to block one side of the corner.. The hawk-owl watching them quietly.. And it quickly flies to the other side It's people who can move the hawk-owl is the! Drive the hawk-owl to the net from the other side Success The owl attempts to escape, but it's blocked by the net PD : The hawk-owl is unable to escape now The owl does its best to escape, but.. Rescued successfully! Take it easy! Carefully pull out the head of the owl stuck in the net out of embarrassment For the owl frightened by the unexpected situation and so many noises, Block every light and noise which could go through the hole of the kennel Keeper : It's amazing that the owl survived without food over a week, and I'm sort of proud of it Resident : I'm glad that it's rescued safely Our biggest concern is the owl's health condition Examining its condition The owl had been terrorized for the past week Fortunately, it doesn't have any major injuries and is relatively healthy Vet : It's empty here, right? Vet : It's become weak as it couldn't eat properly, and its vesicle contains no food at all Cute brown hawl owl.. <3 Being unable to eat properly while staying alert all the time, The owl's run out of its stamina For the owl who could've been worn out if it was a bit late, Inject a nutrition shot And try to feed it, but it's not easy Vet : You have to eat to live, there you go~ There's a reason why the vet feeds the owl to build its strength Natural monument protection group : Since it's not a resident bird, it should move to a warm area before it gets cold A few days later A birdhouse where the hawk owl is protected Keeper : They're all latecomers.. All birds here came here after an accident It's best to release them to nature when they're in good health That's the one who was rescued in the parking lot PD : Oh! The owl has become healthier in the past few days The longer they stay with humans, the more it gets difficult to send it off to nature So it's best to release it as soon as possible Look at you kicking, you've become so healthy now~ That afternoon An ecological park with a clear view of a broad grassland Keeper : Birds should be separated from humans and are supposed to live in nature So it's better to send them off as soon as possible Hope it could be our last day to see your face this close.. You cutesy thang Good-bye~ The moment of going back to broad, nature's embrace..! Pray your wings flying powerfully never gets daunted anymore 