A white jindo dog, running away from the camera Her eyes are seemingly filled with fear Owner : She gets nervous whenever a stranger's around Haeri, what makes you so scared? Even if she's pulled out by force, her body stiffens with shaky eyes and she even tumbles down Owner : When a stranger, a customer, comes up to her she rushes off to her house so fast and stays anxious the entire time How's ordinary Haeri looks like As she sees nobody, Haeri comes out from the corner As soon as the owner and Lotto came back, Haeri greets them, wagging her tail She wasn't interested in PD's camera, but smiles at her daddy's camera! Even while playing comfortably, when a stranger comes in, She hides back into the corner Until the stranger leaves, she holds her breath and comes back out when the stranger walks away Again, when a person enters Haeri goes back into the corner The camera spots her being nerve-wracked Haeri, come out, to take a wee The bigger problem is.. Haeri, come over here, it's alright Does she come out when we're out of the way? Yeah I think so Come with mommy, let's go out now She doesn't do her needs when she's at home She's never done so for over a year Haeri always relieves herself only in the backyard Yet, particularly for Haeri, who's scared of people The outside world comes as a sheer terror Haeri rushing towards space where there are no people But, she keeps heading towards the roads Careful, the lead! Feeling like every day is at war Phew, she's like this every single day Makes me feel so exhausted They have to walk a 100m long distance with so much struggle and scuffle Haeri's overtaken with terror just by the existence of human beings Her excessive phobia is not only making Haeri suffer herself, but also her family members Yet, her family always puts Haeri first before themselves It was one summer day, a year ago when Haeri and her family first met A feral dog, almost starved to death Haeri finally opened up her mind only after being fed by the couple for over 6 months It hasn't been so long since we got close Even when I cut my hair a little bit, she runs off Doesn't recognize you? No, not at all What has happened to Haeri while she was on the street? Said there's no other way because she'd been abused That's what all they say She used to be skeletal, like a skewer To heal wounds in Haeri, An animal behaviorist visited the scene Does she usually hide in there? Does she usually hide in there? / Yes She spends most of her day here Seems like her heart pounds, like she's in fear Expert : Once she identifies the subject, that she fears for, as nothing, she should feel like 'oh well, it's nothing' and be okay afterward. But in fact, she doesn't feel that way. The neurotransmitter in which it acts as a brake should be secreted from the head But, I think she lacks in that That is a so-called, behavioral disease If one lacks in such neurotransmitter, one can suffer from high anxiety And if the anxiety heightens, it even escalates into a phobia Haeri's not in need of a simple behavioral correction but a proper treatment Not only drug treatment, but she's also in need of pheromone which generates positive energy Expert : Dogs usually make a judgment by the scent, as well as the eyes Thus, if they use such aroma, they will successfully be stabilized in terms of comfort The expert throws some treats with a positive scent before Haeri Haeri stares at the expert and, She began to eat! Haeri's never had food from the strangers But what a miracle! Owner : She hesitated when I gave her some, even after 7 months But she does it so easily Oh my, thought I'd never see such a thing in my life What's even more interesting is Haeri takes food from the expert who hasn't been here long! Expert : She seems way comfier now. Just told you Haeri's not well, that means the cure is education, in which it won't be done overnight Since it's the phobia given by the people The neighbors came forward to help Giving off a positive aroma everywhere, Decided to offer words of encouragement Haeri confused with the situation A week has passed since, The expert dropped by Haeri's again She holds her hand out from quite a distance this time Owner : If she steps out of there, that's a real miracle At that moment, Haeri stood up from where she was Then, she starts to make eye contact In such a miraculous scene, the lady sheds tears She's getting better, she actually is Haeri, taken a step forward is now slowly getting more courage Great job, Haeri A dog needs to live like a dog, fearlessly and cheerfully. That's all I wish for Hope I can stroll with her, having some air I'm excited even by the thought of it Due to the abuse, done by humans Haeri's always been suffering in terror However, Haeri's tomorrow shall shine brighter than today 