Local: It is white and has a long tail. It has a scary face A mystery animal that scares locals.. Local: It's neither a cat or a dog What could it be.... A mystery white animal wandering around in the dark! Informant: It was a rainy day I was slowing down and something jumped on the street in front of my car I used a mobile flashlight to see what it was, and it didn't seem like a dog. Its mouth and tail were different from a dog's. "What an odd-looking dog" I thought, then I saw its side and it had a very long mouth Pointy nose and fluffy tail.. Not only the informant, but other locals also have seen it… Local: It has a fluffier and longer tail for its body. And, it’s white. It’s neither a cat nor a dog Local: I saw it there. I took pictures, too In the picture taken by the local It looked a lot like a fox with a long mouth and tail! Local: It has very pointy mouth. Its tail, my lord, it's this big Seems like she wanders around this village… PD: I found pawprints Clearly visible paw prints The fox is likely hiding nearby! After sun set We decided to wait on her after leaving some snacks on the spot A while later PD: Alright, it’s here A white silhouette! She’s here She must’ve been starving, she gulps down the snack we prepared and to catch her, the crew rushed to her Yet, she was very wary She ran away…! She’s only eaten meat Where has she gone… Production crew searched around At that time! PD: OH!!! There’s something! Look!! We found her! She was only seen for a little while, and she’s gone again She headed towards a tomb Her unexpected actions are giving me chills…! For what reason, a fox ended up wandering around this village… PD: Behind you! It’s like playing hide and seek Then, she gives a scary look, as if it’s warning us! and she disappeared into the darkness… Is she really a fox as the locals suspect? Choi Youg-Min, Vet: Yes, she is a fox Why does she look different from other normal foxes? Choi Young-Min, Vet: It’s a kind of red fox. They’ve been genetically modified for the fur industry, so they come in diverse colours. In Korea, they were not such a hit and it wasn’t economical, then it’s coming in again as pets. I’m guessing this one escaped from the guardian or the guardian has lost her. Korean red foxes are labeled and protected as endangered species but, they were forced to genetic modification for colour variety in the fur industry As the awareness of animal abuses in the fur industry rises, it decreased in economic value and now they are adopted into houses as pets Choi Young-Min, Vet: She must be rescued. Foxes can’t be living in this Korean environment Foxes are very very smart. That’s why foxes are villain in fairy tales or movies. They are very smart. They can cause big trouble. It’s possible that she’s been raised by human at home She can’t be left in the wild like this Anything could happen if this one gains its wildness at full PD: Hello
Rescue team: Hello Rescue is decided Smart plan is needed to capture a smart fox! Rescue team: I heard that she comes to this place to eat. We haven’t dealt with foxes a lot, but they jump quite high, so we’re going to use a capture frame with a roof As foxes jump high and run fast Rescue team decided to set up a large capture frame with roof After a thorough demonstration placed some snacks We called a vet to cover unexpected situations Tension is high Fox appeared stealthily and roams around as usual Rescue team: She’s here! the fox is here! She's right over there! She approaches the capture frame smelling the food Yet, she’s suspicious of the frame She enters very carefully Rescue team: She entered. Hold on After seeing the fox is near food NOW! Rescue team: We got it! We got her! She’s startled The vet is taking a look at her condition Choi Young-Min, Vet: She’s healthy. She’s just very skinny Other than that, there is no problem in her health Rescue tema: Foxie~ What’s your name? She’s very calm She is calm even when there’s human in front of her Let’s get her inside the cage Rescue succeded very smoothy We transferred her right to the animal hospital She is very skinny, she must have been abandoned a while ago Hope she is healthy... Choi young-Min: Overall, her heath is okay. She has some mites on her as she’s been wandering around the woods That needs treated She’s 10 months old. still young. And judging by her behaviour, i think she’s very familiar with humans, so i’m assuming she was raised by someone If she’s abandoned by someone there must be someone who had her around here We looked for people who know anything about her PD: Noones had a pet fox?
Local: Nope. Local: Nnone’s seen the fox around here. If someon elost her, they must have put a poster looking for her or somerhing We put up posters looking for her guardian we also called a nearby zoo PD: What kind of foxes do you exhibit?
A: Fenec fox B: We don’t have foxes C: We have a silver fox PD: I see. Thank you None of them knew about this fox Choi Young-Min, Vet: Even cats or dogs are abandoned and they are domesticated. There is less information about exotic animals. If you want to have an exotic animal, you have to think very very thoroughly and deeply. Again and again. You have to think about how you’ll be responsible for this animal before you make a decision Lives created by human greed, they became pets to us and were abandoned by us We hope this fox a better life than the life on the street … 