A stray dog appeared two months ago, This one's always crosses a six-lane road Carrying on with the uneasy steps amongst the running cars What is the reason behind him/her crossing the road, risking life? So we chased after him/her Her/his skin seemed so damaged, I felt sorry for it So we've bought some dog-food and been feeding her/him She's been feeding this stray dog What's that for? What's that for? / It's a medication for the skin, I kinda mix it with the food, to make him/her feel a bit better with the skin Wishing her/his wounds, on the body and the heart, to heal a little better at least She/he's feeding on what lady's given her/him Couldn't the dog see a vet? I want to be close to the dog to give some help but the dog eats only with this much of gap, Otherwise, she/he runs away if hears a tiny sound Tough life on the road Her/his wariness keeps pushing others' help away As soon as the dog finishes eating, she/he turns around and walks into the road Why has she/he come back on the road? The dog crosses this road every day, And stays only in this thicket Is there a particular reason? What we thought was, since she/he has saggy breasts, she/he might have got pups Giving birth you mean? Yes, thought she/he's given birth, coz of her saggy breasts Come to think of it, her breasts are seemingly swollen Which means, there are pups somewhere around here? So we've looked through the thicket where the dog always sits on Can't find any You've seen any there? Nothing? Nothing? / Yeah, nothing I can see There were no signs of pups anywhere in the thicket So we decided to watch over the dog for a bit more Found the dog on the other side of the road Crosses the perilous path again And stops before a pile of logs The dog suddenly starts barking At that moment..! Her puppies show up from the pile And greets their mom Snuggling into her arms, the pups start to suckle Yet, the peace doesn't last long Even with the tiniest noise, cautious mother dog moves to somewhere safer and the pups hide deep into the pile How long will she continue this dangerous parenting.. So we decided to rescue the puppies first I can't see any Not even one? Yeah, there's none None? Nope, none Disappeared puppies There they go! The mother dog's wandering somewhere else other than the grass thicket Where she's heading is an empty lot, that seems like a construction site One of the pups come into the sight! Perhaps they've moved their hideout under the steel bars But, it can hardly be called a safe place as a heap of earth might fall upon them at anytime So we decided to rescue them right away The lady who was helping the mother dog joined the team to give some help Easily pulled out the first pup Where's the other one? Oh god, she's got one left One of the pups was rescued in safe hands But where would be the other? Perhaps something might have happened to the pup The other's nowhere to be found At the same time, as if the mother dog's looking for something The dog's loaming around the paths 
where she's never went What if the pups, curious about everything, have got into an accident? At that moment What's happened? Ah, the other one was heading towards the road and seen by the bus driver And so he caught the pup A report that says 
a bus company's holding one of the pups Would there be the other one? Thankfully, it's the one! How did she/he end up here, from where she/he was hiding, under the pile of logs? Bus Driver : It was about one in the morning while mother dog just crossed over, I caught the pup before I hit her/him by the bus The pup could survive by sheer luck Live a good life! Live a good life! / Thank you! We decided to rescue by making use of the mother dog's maternal love, First, place the pups in the cage and wait until the mother dog turns up Two hours passed from then on, but the mother dog hasn't shown up When it all became worrying, the mother dog made the appearance The pups recognized their mother! Without a second of hesitation She goes straight to her pups And it's now!! Even in the panicky situation, 
she looks after her pups first It's such a relief! I feel like I'm gonna sleep like a baby! Well done to you all~ The dog, crossing the road, who made us all feel restless, How about her condition? The mother and the pups were tested in all kinds Vet : Her blood test says she's clean What's serious atm is her skin She's suffering badly from the itch Other than that, everything seems fine As the pups carry the same skin disease, they were in much need of care and help The mother, who did her best to live a harsh life on the road and take care of her pups.. Touched by her love towards her pups, The lady decided to be her family Hoping that she gets better day by day, and be with her new family as soon as possible.. 