When the night falls.. Meooooow One by one, Cats are disappearing in a town.. Local : A cat was falling down the stairs from up there Yesterday, on the stairs Today.. PD : Hello Local : Where are you now. A cat died again now... *Sobbing*
Gosh.. Over here.. In this grass, A cat lost his life Local : (The dead cats are) already 5 in this aisle For 6 months The lives of 34 cats were sacrificed Who on earth can be so cruel Vet : If it's the work of a man, a sharp knife is used as a weapon for the crime If so, the cutting surface should be cut neat In this case, I can see so many scars ripped off by someone It's more likely to be the work of a wild beast Based on the shape of the wound It seems to be committed by an animal, not a human.. At the scene of the terrible incident This cat survived The neck attacked Local who found the cat : If cats fight each other, the size of the bite would be small like this But the wound is huge like this.. After seeing (the neck) in shreds, I brought the cat to a hospital And the doctor said the cat would die if left untreated.. Phew it's too awful Meooow The truth of the day the cat wanted to tell... Meoooowargh The ones who attacked the cat were two dogs..!!!! Look at these..
The traces that they went up and down Three dogs in total came here. Two, three dogs If there were just one, it would've been easy to catch They're not like abandoned dogs on the street, but almost hunting dogs At first, they were wandering like this But now, they fiercely roam around every parking lot What on earth made them change.. As the night falls.. A stray cat appears in the parking lot The dogs begin to hunt once again PD : Get out, hurry hurry!
Local : Here here!!
PD : Where where!!! As if they have been starving followed the cats by scent.. PD : There's a cat! A cat here! The stray cats appeared at the place where they've left!!! "Tried to find cats, but cats are gone" "They'll be attacking humans now" Local : Their eyes looked really threatening... Isn't there any way to stop their cruel hunting..?
Stay tuned for part 2 