Oh, she's here/ Is she there? On the roof of a 17-story apartment building 'Jadu' is hiding at the end of the corner How can we rescue the cat? It's impossible As people approach her, the cat runs to an even more dangerous spot A hazardous roof which seems to wobble at a strong wind blow Concerning a dangerous situation could happen, We can't rush to rescue the cat A cliff in the center of the city where human hands are unreachable Residents getting anxious watching him Resident : The cat keeps crying at dawn I don't understand how she made it up there How come she stranded on the roof alone? To find ways to rescue the cat, a vet arrives Vet : The cat must have walked up those open stairs The stairs Jadu assumed to walk up Vet : She must have been in great fear or horror and walked up to avoid something that made her feel like that She could be well fed by cat moms outside and had her friends too Despite all those things, she decided to hide in somewhere There must be a reason she went up to the roof Informant : Many abuse cats out there Random woods that has nothing to do with the apartment is around here All cats went there Because of people who harass stray cats, Jadu's assumed to walk up the stairs to avoid them Jadu wouldn't have known that her hideout would be a vertical drop But.. Uh? She's not here? At the moment when looking around the roof Jadu is found on the handrail of the window Why is she hiding in there though.. Vet : How did she think of going there? Just looking at it gives us goosebumps.. Is there any way to rescue Jadu? Vet : She might fall if we rash to open that window Falling down from 17th floor of the building.. She might lose her life if she fall from the building To prepare for an unexpected situation, place a safety net But then Jadu suddenly moves Vet : Since she's a cat, it's enough space for her to jump back to the roof She needs time to figure out how by turning around and looking up If we rash to rescue when she's yet to figure out where to take a step she might take a random move While finding the way to rescue Jadu We found out that she had a sister After all other siblings died, Jadu and Doraji relied on each other Informant : I found out that Jadu was in the roof thanks to Doraji One day she cried out loud while walking arouund in front of my house A week ago As if pleading for help Doragi cried at the informant Finding that Jadu who she always accompanied with wasn't seen, the informant had a hunch that something had happened to her To rescue Jadu Decide to get the help of Doraji Rescue Doraji first and bring her to lure Jadu When she's not looking, Rescue success! Sorry for Doraji, but.. We need you to rescue your sister, Doraji On the aisle in 17th floor connected to the roof Put Doraji inside the transparent trap cage to lure Jadu As time passes by, Doraji starts crying Upon hearing Doraji's voice, As if answering, Jadu meows back Then, she takes steps to follow the voice Perhaps she felt something strange, She went there Jadu went to the edge of the roof again What makes her so fear? She stand still watching out around The sun goes down It's been 8 days since she was stranded on the roof Informant : I think she became sensitive after we missed her twice before After a few failures of the rescue, Jadu has become very wary Came up with a new plan We often caught ones who we failed to catch with a trap tunnel A bottomless trap cage is perfect to catch cats with extreme wariness But then! Jadu appears on top of the roof She slowly approaches to the bait Just a little bit more.. Successfully rescue Jadu in 8 days! We got her! As they've been longing for so long, So glad to see her face In how many days though.. Jadu's self-confinement is finally over Jadu wasn't able to eat for days How's her health? Vet : She must have starved a lot, but it seems like her basic physical strength was good before She lost a bit from a normal weight Another noticeable thing Vet : Her front claws are clean, but the dewclaws are cracked Vet : She seemed to take extra strength when walking on the roof so that she won't get slipped To survive on the roof, She had to risk her life every time she walks Poor girl.. And the one who gets the most credits for rescuing her sister Doraji! Forget about all those struggles in the past Hope they only have sweet dreams next to each other 