It was frightening back in days A door(hell gate) opens Guys, you shouldn't do that NO WAY Very horrible I'm now scurred.. Sharp claws Threatening nostril (Daunted)
Can I get in? Uhhhh OPENLY WELCOME Hey, stop scratching Argh!
*Thump* Mother, it was a good life.. It's been long to meet guests Huh? No, not there As always Chaotic Mabelle's family XP A while ago, they had a new fam member 6 duck siblings Naive Cute Since I was young, I wanted to raise ducks Right after they hatched from eggs I bought duck eggs and hatched them Come here Righty, Pooshipooshi Hoyol(Alien lang. with love) These itty-bitty cutie pies now are 3 weeks old already! Whoops Whew This is Duckja Kwak Duckja Kwak Duckchul Kwak Duckbae Kwak Duckgu Kwak, Ducksoon Kwak, Duckpal Kwak Not that bad with Mabelle's family, huh? They have seen the big-sized dogs right after being born, so That's why they get along well with Mabelle's family Gonna show something special for SBS Animal Bella! So focused, Don't bother Ohh Don't do that, wait Wait, Ohh Slips It's not that easy Ducky sitting on dicky Duckly Mozaic lol Thanks bruh No problemo (Now) They can't step on the head Just 1~2 ducks can ride on the back Ducks grow up faster than expected. They don't grow anymore after 2 months Duckies mealtime Lez eat up (One bowl) (Two bowls) (Three bowls) Yulmu.. (Four bowls are ready) What the.. Shamelessly sharing food lol Ducks' snack time (Mealworm) No way, Yulmu Yulmu This is a worm (Will they eat?) Curious Nomnom
(Shock) You eat as well?! You literally eat everything.. Stop eating, Yulmu Cough Cough Why did you dig (the soil) and eat it The camera is turned off for a while For ducks to focus on eating A crew member became the dogs' target lol That afternoon After lunch, recording resumes However.. Hey, owner Yes? One duck disappeared tho What? / One duck disappeared One duck? Don't you have 6 ducks in total? / Yes (that's right) Wait a sec Counting the number of ducks again.. It's really gone A situation that never happened before Looking for the missing duck here and there in a hurry One duck disappeared Hurry up and find the duck Even Mabelle's family started to find the duck Will the one duck be okay? To be continued in part 2 