Head of Management Office : The dog constantly patrols around the area That's why she's called a Patrol-dog. I guess, most of the residents might know her Resident : She wanders around here for multiple times, non-stop. Particularly this area Resident 2: Taking a round at this huge road through the stairs and all What story does this dog have driving her to constantly roam around the apartments As usual, we were looking for Baekgu around the residence area Crew : Uh?! She's there, There Baekgu's walking in urgency as if She's up to something busy Yet..? Baekgu's heading back to where she came from Crew : She's like going around non-stop.. Baekgu's disappeared in a twinkling Crew 1 : Can't find her? Crew 2 : Yeah, Can't see her anywhere.. Is she really on patrol..? Informant : I lived in this neighbourhood for a long time So I know most of the dogs around here. But.. That dog, I've never seen him before. If it rains, she wanders in rain and if it snows, she wanders in snow. Like yesterday when it snowed, she did walk around in a snowstorm PD : She just never leaves here, does she Informant : No, she never does PD : Never from this area, at all? Informant : Yeah Regardless of the day or the night, raining or snowing, Baekgu, who's roaming around this neighorhood appeared out of the blue, about three months ago PD : Where has she gone to? Resident: Her? She has her own route Coming down from there and taking a circle, comes to the neighbourhood And stays there for a while, then again, comes down here and just repeats that PD : She does always go round like that Resident : Yes, just from there Resident : Repeatedly goes round this building through down there She just repeats going round about this apartment alone. By studying her ususal movements, wouldn't we get to know why she's running on and on and on? Baekgu, still on the run It's already been 30 min. since she climbed up and down the same street And then, she walks into the apartment area.. Walks down the stairs, taking a round about the surrounding fences Then, comes back to where she started, Flat 120.. As if she's drawing a big circle, it was Flat 120 where she wandered about Perhaps to catch a breath, she stops and takes a look around Resident : Maybe, person who moved out might have abandoned her Well, I really don't know. Whatever it is, she's not leaving Resident : I mean, it's too odd. She's not really going anywhere Even in the rain, she insists to stay on the ground Even though we have underground parking lots It's hard to guess a story behind what led her here alone Baekgu appeared out of the blue, in front of the Flat 120, stayed there like she's frozen And all of the sudden, Baekgu started to run around the apartments but always, her journey of running ended where the Flat 120 is... What really stops her from leaving this place that can't even stop the piercing wind? However.. Baekgu can't take her eyes off of something What was caught in her eyes were 'the people' Even if she chases after them in a hurry Soon enough, she gets her tail down Resident : At first, she was really clean and neat..when I first saw her But as I see it, she seems she's looking for someone Informant : She is wary of people, but she still come around and checks people's faces Then, would it be her owner that Baekgu's so desperately longing for? How on earth was she left all by herself, enduring such amount of time Like she's on a merry-go-round which never stops Baekgu goes around the Flat 120 the entire day.. Perhaps she believes, her owner might be waiting for her at the end of this very road.. She was running non-stop, And fell asleep. At the corner of the parking lot The next day Crew : Have you seen a dog that looks like this? Maybe Baekgu and her owner might have missed each other somewhere around here Resident : If they really lost her, they should have posted something around the neighborhood. I reckon they just abandoned her Head of Apartment Management Office : Well, we have a lot of households. And as you know moving happens almost everyday around the apartments, so finding a story is quite... Though we'd broadcasted to find someone who might know Baekgu's story "Those who know Baekgu, who wanders about the apartment and its surroundings.." And thankfully, a resident responded to us Resident: When I saw her for the first time, she was a second before collapsing as she was desperate and hungry.. she gulped down the food and water, which were in a huge amount So I felt so pity of her.. and had been feeding her with some grilled meat Baekgu was used to people's bits of help But one day, she started roaming around the neighborhood hysterically And started to hide from people because of the resdients' excessive attention Kid from the residence : Throwing stones at that dog, while she was running away PD : Trying to hurt her? Kid : Yeah, I guess. Random guys tried to get her as well.. Resident : We've called for a rescue twice, but it didn't really work. She got hit by a tranquilizer, but she disappeared after she got hit Since she was startled for a second, she just sprinted away Resident : Come here~ Look, she's running away again~ even when I try to talk to her Even after failing to rescue, she continues to run headlong Should rescue her without a single mistake Rescue team : Wait a sec..! As usual, Baekgu comes down the stairs and jumps into the flower beds, to get to the entrance of the apartment..! As people move to block the way-in and out Baekgu runs at a tremendous speed!! PD : She's here!! Chief of the resecue team blocks Baekgu with his body running up the stairs with full speed!! Thankfully, neither the chief nor Baekgu is hurt, and successfully worked out the rescue Resident : Whew.. do you know how much you worried all of us? Resident : I feel pity that's all~ Of being abandoned by someone, that's most hurtful to me Sleeping in cold, wandering around without a home.. Though she won't have to run down the roads.. it's upsetting how her longing may leave a trace at the corner of her heart Vet : It's a female, and under one year-old at max. Would her condition be okay? Vet : It's Per-fect~ There's nothing particularly hurt, nor the organs She's in perfect condition Baekgu's bit underweighted, but that is all! Suddenly being friendly to everyone? Vet : Look~ She's coming closer to me to pat her more Licks my fingers too PD : Oh! She's licking! As if she's missed people's touch, she's being lovely even to the crew hehe Most certainly, she must have been loved by someone Vet : According to her antibody test, she got high-level of antibody Which means that she was vaccinated In the middle of a pitch-dark night, Baekgu must have followed her owner.. The owner might have left baby Baekgu here assuring that she/he will come back in no time Baekgu believed his/her words, waiting endlessly and looked for her owner who didn't come back over a long time But her owner was nowhere to be found... and she was even hurt by the people Perhaps, she ran and ran, out of fear Vet : There's actual cases that tell, if they grow fear within themselves, in order to get over it, they often run extremely fast or so When we get stressed, we often go on binge Likewise, they might express it in different ways Also, when Baekgu walks fast, she might have felt relieved while she was doing it The fright, which she couldn't stand without running Endless waiting, knowing that her owner wouldn't be back Should have been very hurtful for younger Baekgu to bear... PD : Woah! She's wagging! For the first time, she wags her tail showing the bright side of her Will pray for her, to brush off the painful past and to live a blissful life as once she did 