Informant :  A dog's neck was around with something similar to a steel wire The wound was pretty severe.. Fur was almost pulled out I couldn't approach the dog closely since she was big.. and the dog seemed to have become sensitive due to the injury The dog's neck which seems to need help The white dog carefully passing an empty alley.. The deep wound on his neck, it's the same white dog in the picture Her condition was worse than expected Feeling painful, the dog squirms in agony What's that thin, steel wire? Local : I thought it was a leash around his neck But it wasn't. The thing shoved into his neck, which left a deep wound, seemed to cause necrosis on the skin From one day, the dog has roamed the village with a terrible wound on his neck Her wariness towards humans is serious as well Local : Some must have tried to catch her to eat her Someone attempted to catch him? / Yes Worrying if someone had attempted to harm the dog on purpose.. Expert : This thin wire is a snare for hunting water deer How had it caught the white dog's neck? Expert : I guess she was caught in a snare while wandering the mountain and field She must have wandered around, searching for food out of severe hunger This snare never gets loosen that it rather shoves into the flesh deeply Having no strength to even open his eyes due to severe pain, the dog's passed out.. Just gasping to breathe.. But then..? A random black dog carefully walks around the white dog As if they're related somehow the white dog follows the black dog? How are they related? Informant : I was told that they're a couple As if knowing the white dog lags behind, the black dog leading the way looks back once and waits for her to follow him up and heads up again when she moves The black dog is her husband who got her back Local : They've been roaming together.. I saw them for the first time about 5-6 months ago She was okay then PD : Really?
Local : Yeah, she was fine I heard that they had a puppy They were healthy once and had a puppy But the life on the street wasn't easy for them.. They were saddened by the loss of their puppy and an unexpected incident occured to the white dog All they could do is to care for each other and survive.. Heat wave reaching 40-degree Celcius The dogs sitting under the shade to get away from the strong sunlight But the white dog looks sick Giving her cold water as an urgent aid but the dogs run away Place a bowl of water and food in a storage house where they often turn up and wait for them.. Soon after, the white dog turns up in silence She looks around to check if anyone's around Then she starts devouring The black dog doesn't go near her..? Local : The black dog looks fine by his appearance But his skin seems to have been infected while staying with her The black dog couldn't take care of himself as he always has put his wife's health first PD : They're crossing the road Moreover, their life is at a risk every time they cross the road Next day As if in extreme pain, the dog's lying on the ground with a trembling body The black dog is passed out, being drained out Vet : The airway and large vessels run through the wounded part She might lose her life if it gets worse Decide to rescue her Rescue Team : They usually roam the whole village, but they often pass this route Here's the best spot to capture them Install the trap net in the alley to the storage house where the dog couple often appears and wait Rescue Team Leader : The black dog is coming down PD : The black dog is coming! He's going in Block every way before he escapes Hurriedly sets out to capture him Succeeded Capturing the white dog is left now Put the black dog inside the cage to lure the white one Time passed and the night came The black dog who has been crouching all day suddenly starts crying..? The white dog appears in front of the factory Sensing something unusual, she doesn't approach him and turns back at last (After the black dog is caught) She's become extremely wary that there's a chance she might not come back to where she used to be First off, we'll have to slow her down, using the trap net and capture her safely with a scoop net They set out to rescue the life in crisis Found the white dog on the way PD : She's there! The white dog fiercely resists as she got freaked out at a sudden situation Bring the scoop net, hurry! Finally rescued The dog who has been in agony smothering her neck lived a tough life on streets Her health is worrisome Removing the snare that has been choking her neck for the past five months Can't imagine how painful she was The back of her neck is wounded, which is not so deep She'll be fine after the wound is healed Fortunately, the snare didn't tight cut her neck deeply What about the black one? All white lining things are eye parasites He's infected by parasites See it's moving Vet : He's infected by every possible parasite he could get outside Since he's lived mostly in the grass.. he was exposed to the infections by eye worms, ticks, mosquitos, and heartworms.. After the parasites are removed, he'll be fine And there's great news!! Nurse : She's prenant?
PD : What?
Nuse : She has babies
PD : She has babies?
Nurse : Yes The dog who couldn't even breath properly was pregnant Vet : They're about 7-8 puppies Their heartbeat rate and the development of major organs are all checked normal Despite poor conditions, such as parasite infection, her puppies have grown well Vet : She hadn't eaten food properly due to the snare on her neck Thus, she needs to consume sufficient nutrients whilst being treated Only then the wound will heal soon Vet : Eat up~ She must rest and eat well to recover She eats up well A few weeks later, visited the animal hospital again Her stomach has grown a lot She's doing so well The wound on her neck is almost healed It's almost due date, so.. she's been sleeping a lot these days They're going to be parents soon! We'll always pray for them to make a happy family <3 