Baby kitten ‘Ray’ disappeared one day Guardian: We lost him in the house and we’re just so flustered because we just don’t know where he is hiding Will they be able to find the fella who hid deep somewhere..? Guardian: It was near the toll gate on the outer ring road One day when the rain poured, a baby kitten was walking Worried it will lead to an accident the family rescued and brought the fella that was shivering dangerously Guardian: (At first) he was bony to a point you can see the ribs outlined... Production crew: Oh~ he was malnourished? We kept force-feeding him milk served into his mouth cuz we thought something would happen to him if he didn’t eat… Ray was in a condition, a second away from collapsing and the family devoted time to taking care of such fella And one day. Guardian: I went to a supermarket without thinking much I went to go grab some cat snacks since he wouldn’t eat.. And when I came back home, he disappeared Ray disappeared into thin air while the guardian went to a supermarket Guardian: That’s when we began to look for the cat We disassembled the fridge, TV table, etc and put them outside We were worried that perhaps he was stuck somewhere since he’s a kitten Since he was such a tiny kitten, they were worried that perhaps he was stuck somewhere they looked into every corner and every gap around the house, but they couldn’t find him… Production crew: Are you sure he’s still in the house? Guardian: Yes, we make sure the door’s locked whenever we head out and we never opened the window, not even once since we brought him home They say they have proof of him still being in the house! Apart from traces of stool Production crew: Woah, he finished all that? Guardian: Yes, he finished the food and drank half the water Food and water are vanishing without a trace So, seeing the traces of him, he must be in here somewhere… They look for Ray again around the house, but Production crew: there? Guardian: Oh..! No Where on earth is he hiding that they can’t find him? For the family who’s getting worried as the time goes by, decided to wait after setting up the cameras Completed preparing snacks to lure Ray, who’s hiding! After time passes, as Ray didn’t appear until the sun sets, the production crew withdrew after leaving the cameras up Next day Both the production crew and the family check the observation camera with high expectation When everyone was asleep… As the house got quiet Guardian: Oh! He came out Ray pops out of somewhere and wolfs down the food After finishing a bowl of food he starts to explore the house Ray enjoys playing ball in the playroom full of toys A new toy he spotted is a baby blanket twice the size of his body At that moment when he dragged the blanket to the living room! As soon as the lady appeared, he took off and disappeared in a second Guardian: Hahahahaha Ray went inside the air conditioner, dodging people’s attention Guardian: Ah, that’s why we couldn’t find him. This is why The air conditioner Ray hid into Behind it, Guardian: There’s a tiny hole that connects it to the drainage and the outdoor fan There is a hole that connects to the drainage! For an accurate checkup, decided to check out the inner space of the air conditioner using an endoscopy camera As they put the camera in between the tangled wires Ray is hiding, all crouched up! Guardian: Oh! Woah! Oh my, I got scared No one imagined the air conditioner to be his hideout..! The guardian dissembles the air conditioner to end the long-term hide-and-seek play with him Guardian: Here you were~ Guardian: Wow~ how did you..! Guardian: Awwie, good job They finally faced Ray, whom they were looking for desperately Guardian: I think he grew a lot? Production crew: He grew a lot?
Guardian: Yes, all of a sudden It seems they’re over the most worrying part… Guardian: How are we going to adapt to this? Hahaha There needs to be a taken a measure for recurrence prevention A vet decided to help Ray become a real family to this family Vet: In the first place, he should’ve been with his mom cat but, I’m sure there’s a reason for that And more so, the fact that he moved to such a dangerous spot I don’t think it’s anywhere near a normal situation The vet thinks Ray hid in a corner out of worry, being put in a strange environment after being rescued Vet: He probably has a big trauma. The rescuing process will be left with him to be always somewhat scared of humans for now What Ray needs the most right now is to remove any fearful or worrying factor Vet: He needs to create his main territory in this room ‘Oh, this is a safe area. I’m safe’ He can only open up once after he feels safe Decided to move him to a more compact room from the vast living room to allow him to think it’s his territory as cats are territorial animals It’s important to create him a hideout where he can hide whenever but, still have the guardian be able to find him Now, decided to observe Ray from afar After not moving a muscle inside the cat tower, he started to move carefully He seemed to look around the room, sitting blankly, in a strange environment he begins to go around the room and explore his new house The family waits patiently for Ray to adapt to the new environment The couple smiles watching Ray Vet: For now, we’ll have only one guardian go in by himself, feed him quietly, and have the house be quiet It’s said food is the best medium to get close But, as soon as the guardian appeared, Ray freezes As the guardian offers him food cautiously fortunately, Ray eats from him Like that, one step at a time, the family gets closer to Ray To the family’s efforts Ray begins to open up slowly. He eats well from the guardian Guardian: He finished it Production crew: Do you feel you’re closer to him now? Guardian: Yes. I felt that he was looking at me differently while I was feeding him The baby kitten Ray finally took his first step to become their family, ending his hide-and-seek Ray, we’re rooting for your courage..! 