This morning, the mister led us to the chicken coup saying that something horrible had happened Informant: Look at this. They all died In the chicken coup, dead chickens were everywhere.. Informant: It first happened around spring. Then around 24-25 chickens died Starting this spring, a chicken coup murders have happened over the last 6 months and caused 60 deaths of chickens Recently, a rabbit and stray cats are attacked to death too...! Informant: I even suspected a person. I thought a person poisoned them to death.. cos if it was animals they must have taken the body with them (to eat) At first, mister suspected people However, on chicken's body, there were scars Informant: Their organs are eaten Someone ate the chicken innates, so it seemed more like a wild animal's attack Informant: It's the 5th time. I thought it was my fault. Perhaps I built the coup too weak. So I've done my part on that, but still, this happened again... To avoid further attacks, mister set up fences over fences and cover up all the holes, but still didn't stop the predators... PD: You must be upset
Informant: You don't say. Whatever it is, if it shows up I want to bit it up to death Mister is frustrated at not having any clue what it is and how to catch it However, he isn't the only one who's upset! Chicken coup owner 2: They drilled the door like that. Chicken coup owner 2: There are none left, they've killed it all. They broke everything down Here too, there left the traces of the night of the raid Chicken coup owner 2: It killed them all Killed all the chickens inside, and the murderer left the body in the coup Chicken coup owner 2: They bit them like this. This one too Chicken coup owner 2: It happened 3 times, so 12 died PD: Where did they enter?
Chicken coup owner 2: Through there! Murderer invaded by breaking the vinyl on the corner The murderer is too reckless to be stopped.. This isn't the end! 20 days ago, there had been made another raid Chicken coup owner 2: Through this hole! An unknown invader broke in by breaking the wooden panel at the chicken coup The owner was raising the chickens freely, which led to a larger casualty In this large farm, there only left 10 chickens PD: How many were there?
Chicken coup owner 3: 120-130? PD: So over 100 chicken has died? 
Chicken coup owner 3: Yes The casualty in this town is 200 chickens! This looks like the same murderer's doing What could the murderer be.. Local: I heard that weasels are a known predator of chicken Local: wild cats.. or a raccoon! Local: I'll have to guess it's a dog. A wild dog! Only making guess, but no one has actually seen the murderer ever Very discreet this murderer is... never gotten caught after killing over 200 chickens It's only growing the fear in this village... The only thing the mister can do is to build the chicken coup stronger.. Covering with a panel, and another panel on top of that Informant: The murderer won't be able to break this... That's what I hope... A security camera is set up to check inside the chicken coup If the murderer shows up, he will be recorded on the camera After sunset, waiting for the murderer to show up Will tonight be the night to reveal the murderer? Firing up his will-power to arrest the murderer red-handedly The mister is not taking his eyes off the screen Unfortunately the chicken coup today is very quiet chickens are having a peaceful night Waiting and waiting... A week stake-out by the chicken coup but the murderer hadn't shown up.. After a long wait, it's decided to dismiss all the cameras After few days PD: Hello?
Informant: Oh yes. Something happened here. They are all dead. You should come here The production crew drove there upon a phone! Informant: What trouble they have made, they've ruined the barricades... 
PD: Oh my... Shocking scene A shade of death has visited the chicken coup again... The chicken coup last night was hell... Rushed to check the security camera! Deep night, a strange movement is detected PD: It's here A murderer marching with two glary eyes, is a wild dog... Is that the dog who terrorised the chicken coups in this village? As the dog rips of the netting, the chicken coup is stirred up Yet, he wasn't alone Informant: There are three The lead dog is trying to rip off the netting Soon, he's gotten tired to rip off the netting and turned back Another dog takes his turn to rip it off The dog is pulling the panel with his teeth Finally, the panell had fallen The dog heads into the chicken coup with no hesitation PD: Oh, it's in! One by one, as they were going inside the chicken coup, another fella showed up Informant: My god there are 4! The outlaw murderers of the chicken, is a school of 4 stray dogs! After they killed chicken, they vanished ... Informant: Even humans would get terrified of them What has made them into beasts... Informant: We took care of them since they were eggs... Don't cry A boy who loved chicken ended up showing tears PD: Are you upset because of the dogs? 
Boy: I am, but they are animals.. The boy understands that the dogs have done what animals do Yet, there shall not be any more victims. They must be captured Thanks to the morning rain, there paw prints are left visible! The trace continued until the yard over the 4-lane drive way An open yard without any hiding spot. Where have they gone past this place? When we were searching around the place! We heard a dog bark from around! We approached them Unlike the vicious dogs caught in the security camera, they are very docile and the dogs were all white furred dogs, and these guys varies in colour Strangely, this place has a lot of dogs Local: This place was a town once. The owners must have left them here when they were moving out Local 2: There were houses and factories... it seemed like the dogs who used to live in the factory were abandoned here when they moved Due to the redevelopment, everyone has left the town and it became an empty place Problem is that a few people abandoned their dogs here The dogs who attacked the chicken coup, perhaps they are also abandoned dogs too.. In this deserted place, there are not many options for dogs to do to survive Director of Korea Urban Ecology Research Center: Dogs stay in the region where they live. Once their resident is demolished, they move up to the mountaints. First thing. Out of fear, dogs moved to the mountains and dogs who gathered up in the mountains live in packs and develop their wildness Director of Korea Urban Ecology Research Center: when they are situated where there isn't much to feed on, they will think "I must go back to where I lived" and invade into villages where there are fams, chickens...just something to eat Dogs with revived wildness is causing many troubles around the village Director of Korea Urban Ecology Research Center: This is entirely because of humans. Redevelopment is what human wanted and started. That left many dogs abandoned. All the blame should be taken by us people It's not right to leave them like this to avoid further trouble, rescue is decided! There are four dogs and they act very systematically as a group PD: One, two, three! The biggest rescue trap in Kritter Klub history is set up What's left is for them to show up They wander around in the night, so we waited until it turned dark We wish for them to smell the food in the trap and come in... Yet, the night was passing very slowly Animal Protection Org: It's 5 a.m. and they are not showing up In the end, they didn't come Director of Korea Urban Ecology Research Center: If they don't have enough food, they will broaden their territory. There is a high likelihood that they moved already. They might not come back to this village for some time. Dog's territory is way larger than you think. About 10km radius. So 20Km Due to their vast territory, there is a possibility that they have already moved looking for food They hunted down the chickens in this village for the past 6 months. They might come back So just in case, we helped with the maintenance of the chicken coup Blocked holes that the dogs made and set up a police light that alarms when a movement is detected Informant: I'm certain that they will come back. They must be caught no matter how It's not done Mister is on the watch to protect his chickens 