The story of a dog sitting in front of a restaurant.. Restaurant owner : A dog came and sat in front of my restaurant one day The strange dog appeared two days ago Don't know where he came from But he doesn't leave, taking his spot in front of the restaurant Restaurant owner : Two days ago, I found him staring at me I didn't think it was a big deal and just went inside He's been sitting here since then In this spot? / Yeah, he never leaves It's been two days already since the dog didn't leave but occupied entrance A little favor she can do to a stranger dog Though he's sitting in the entrance of the restaurant, It looks like he's stranded in a lonesome island.. He's sulky and doesn't eat at all He never leaves He bought meals to feed him But the dog refuses to eat Perhaps he's lost.. Bring him to the alley he might have passed to come to the restaurant Perhaps he remembered something.. Again, he came back to where he was Why doesn't he leave this restaurant? He comes back to the entrance again and again He's not trying to leave What does that spot mean to him? Bring him far away from the restaurant As if he's going back to his house he walks back to the place where he came for the first time two days ago Maybe he finally found the place to stay after being lost on streets.. He was never here before. I don't know where he came from We would have known him if he was here before as it's a small village No one knows about the dog Upon a closer look, His fur somehow looks weird.. Someone has trimmed his hair very short Looks like someone trimmed his hair sparsely Clean fur and claws Give me your hand, the other one too! High five Seeing him doing many tricks.. I guess he used to be a home dog He's probably lost, right? Or his owner used to come and pass by here We'll never know whether he's abandoned or he's just lost Where did he leave his owner and come to this place alone But He carefully checks every face of people who go inside As if he's trying to check something, he starts sniffing Perhaps he's looking for the owner..? He wishes his owner would show up every time But he always gets disappointed.. His eyes become teary.. Why no one comes and finds him when he's desperately waiting Even when night falls The dog never stops waiting.. If he's not abandoned but lost His owner's whereabouts can be spotted not far from here We would only see about two visitors Sometimes there are no visitors on Sundays as well In this small village if a visitor lost their dog villagers would have known Furthermore, the restaurant is located at the end of the narrow alley One wouldn't have lost their dog after coming this so far You wouldn't leave your dog where people can see You would drive and abandon them where people can't see Many used to abandon their dogs here People leave their dog in this village before boarding on ships How could one leaves him who's desperately waiting alone in this village.. If moms tell their children to stay until they come back they would wait for them, right He's doing the same thing I think his owner told him to stay here so that he/she can abandon him because he never leaves here.. Reenact
The dog wouldn't have imagined what that night out meant to him He waited for his owner with no doubt as he was told to do so But his owner never came back The dog still keeps the promise with his owner For the solution, a vet arrives at the site It's obvious that he used to be a home dog But.. Vet : He's not neutered yet and his teeth show that he's still young About 2-3 years old? He hadn't treated well.. Seeing a short-haired area, his owner must have trimmed his hair with scissors about a month ago Trimming wasn't done properly He must've been with his owner a month ago Check if he's chipped But there's no way to find his owner.. What happened to him remains mysterious But the dog left alone on the street sheds tears endlessly, waiting for his owner.. To be continued in part 2.. 