Neighbor 1 : No one lives there but the light turns off and on itself sometimes Neighbor 2 : It smells like a rotten dead body.. Neighbor 3 : I'm not sure which smell it is.. The informant reported that she knows the truth behind the scary gossip Informant : I don't know how but, a cat came into my hair salon before According to the informant, the cat came into the hair salon eight years ago but she's never seen the cat ever since then Informant : I think the cat is in there
PD : Where?
Informant : Inside over there Where the informant points at is a space which looks like a door PD : What is this place? Informant : It's a room for a septic tank of the restroom. I think the cat is in here It's full of lots of things and a septic tank It's assumed to be the cat's hideout The cat's fluffball is found indeed Informant : Every morning I can confirm the cat eats the food I placed the day before That's how I know the cat's been here for eight years Since that day from eight years ago, she's never seen the cat but she believes that the cat still lives here as the food is gone and feces are left The cat can leave whenever he wants through this open door,  but he never leaves So the cat voluntarily lives in a hideout for eight years.. Install a camera to check if the cat lives here After a while... Spot something's moving under the storage room Found the cat who has been running away from people for eight years Informant : Oh my, he's coming out!
Neighbor : Whoa he's so big. As big as a dog.. Informant : He really is big.. After coming out from the storage, the cat hurriedly eats Then he stares outside.. Then he turns and goes back to the storage room The way he moves is very careful It's understandable that he's never seen by people for eight years The crew checks the back of the septic tank with an endoscope camera I can see hairs and feces.. But I don't see the cat now The cat definitely went inside here but he's not seen.. Does he really live in here? PD : He's probably going back and forth to other places? Informant : I don't know if there are other spaces he can go Maybe there's a passage inside.. Store building management office Officer : There's a space below the exit in the front The cat probably comes and goes through that space PD : But there's no way out behind that?
Officer : No
PD : Are there any pipes that goes outside?
Officer : No This exit door is the only way he can go out Excpet for when he's out to eat, the cat's been stuck in a tiny space all day for eight years.. He could be abandoned or kicked out by other cats I guess he came this far to find food We cannot know what exactly brought him here Eight years ago on that day, a little kitten came into the hair salon as if he was chased by something Informant : His height was about 10 cm? Anyway, he was very tiny I can't remember exactly since it's eight years ago, but he was tiny anyway He couldn't even open his eyes properly He was so tiny that I thought he would die soon The cat who came to the salon hid in the storage room to avoid people That's how his secluded life began.. and eight years have passed until 2018 Why did he lock himself in the dark storage room? Is it possible to live in a hideout for eight years? Vet : When cats are in heat and during their youth from age 1 to 4 they leave their home He can also leave whenver he wants through the open door, but his personality stopped his instinct It's mysterious.. Because it's not easy to do so Suppressing breeding instinct to lock himself in a hideout is almost impossible Why has he voluntarily been hiding in this room? Vet : There are danger of accidents and cats' fights outside No one would try to harm her or invade his space if he only stays in the storage room The storage room he chose to avoid dangers outside has become his private and safe hideout But he needs to stop hiding in such place due to its poor conditions; no ventilation at all inside the room The rescue team looks inside the septic tank room where he stays The rescue seems difficult due to its narrow space Team Leader : Eight years in there?
Informant : Yeah, eight years
Team Leader : Ha.. Decide to rescue the cat with a trap cage first Place the trap cage in where he usually comes to eat food and wait for the cat to appear The cat's out / Is he? / Yes The cat gets wary of a strange thing He's very wary of it Knowing that he has been hiding from people for eight years so far, he must be very careful now Still doesn't let his guard down.. He goes back to the room in the end even though he's starving He didn't come out until morning comes As he has been in this room for eight years, he fears about a new thing The fear is so strong that we need to plan out to rescue him There's only one way which is to take him out from the septic tank room with hands The cat's here Deep inside the tank room, The cat's crouching Poking him to come out PD : He's coming out Rescue success Seeing his face up close in eight years. So cute PD : We got him
Informant : Nabi~ So big! How have you been? So good to see you Informant : He is so pretty. I'm seeing him in eight years Informant : Hope he leaves such poor environment and makes new friends and live in a place where there's sunshine and fresh air That afternoon, in a vet hospital He receives a medical examination Vet : Fortunately, her health levels regarding liver, jaundice, kidney and calcium are all in a normal range Her bone density is fine when she couldn't get enough sunlight Also, he had been fed well regularly Otherwise, he could have a health issue But his health is fine He'll need to practice how to get used to outdoor conditions while being hospitalized Vet : He'll be hearing people and smelling other animals while he stays here Once he realizes that no one harms him but nurses him here, he'll open up his mind Although everything is strange to him still we believe he will open up his mind and start the second chapter of his life <3 