It has already been a week, since... PD: You go there every day? Guardian: Yes, that’s right Whether it’s rainy or windy Mister climbs the mountains every day PD: Be careful (Slippery) Not a  hiking trail, it's not even a complete mountain path The reason why he climbs up every day is… PD: You’re saying it’s in there? / Yes PD: Inside this boulder? / Yes PD: Woah...How did it end up here? Inside the narrow crack A dog is trapped in there… PD: What’s the dog’s name? Guardian: Chorong Chorong! It’s hard to believe that a dog is trapped in this narrow crack… Guardian: Can’t see her. We’re in trouble… Guardian: Wonder if something happened to her... PD: Were you able to see her here before? Guardian: If I shine light here, When you look through this ‘V’ shape... Guardian: Oh, what happened? Worried Chorong who remained at the same location Footage provided by the informant Chorong Guardian: Always stayed in that same position Eating and drinking here. PD: Oh, so you were able to see her face. / Yes, I did PD: Stuck like that, huh? / Yes Woah Guardian: Wasn’t able to see her today, but Guardian: Feeling so hopeless Just then Whimpering PD: Oh! I hear the sound! / Whimpering! PD: Woah, this is quite dangerous.. Risky moment PD: Oh! she stuck her head out Whimpers… Inside a dark place, without a streak of light shining through The dog struggles to hold on with much difficulty Guardian: Chorong, are you okay? How did she end up in such a place? Guardian: She was easy to bond with so when climbing the mountains together she follows me while keeping a distance Chorong accompanied mister on a hike for 7 years Chorong and mister who climbed well together But one day when they were climbing as usual Guardian: I took the leash out for a moment for her to drink water After a long hike, The moment when they were resting while drinking water At the sight of an animal that appeared suddenly, Chorong ran to chase the animal in an instant Guardian: I made a mistake, and it's led to a disaster Feeling that it’s all his fault He feels distressed and so sorry for her The day after Chorong has been found trapped He used all kinds of methods to attempt to rescue her But brought many failures… The only thing he can do for Chorong right now is is to make sure she doesn’t starve, so he feeds her PD: Oh, she’s eating (gulping down) Thankfully, Chorong eats well :’) Water bottle She can barely drink water How long will Chorong be able to endure this nightmarish-like situation? Brought an expert who is familiar with the mountain area to take a look at the boulder… Expert: Crack open this just enough for a person to get in, and we should keep cracking right up until that entrance I don’t think it’ll be an easy task However Expert: The important part is this feature…  This rock here is weak. It’s all crumbly. These…will all crack… Boulder that shatters from a minor shock Expert: When this stuff falls, it will become a greater problem (when rescuing) Production crew: It’s barely hanging on there.. The boulder that comes apart easily...People and Chorong both might fall into danger The situation in which they can’t rescue in haste PD: Let’s give her something to eat and head down for today As darkness falls They decided to think of other measures after heading down the mountain Just then Oh? There! There, there!! Huh?? An urgent voice from mister What has happened…?
To be continued in Part 2 