"Severely injured of a leash on the neck..." Dogs who are lost on the streets.. "They are a mom and a daughter.." The leash choking the mother and the daughter's neck..? Deep wound Upon approaching closer The mom and the daughter run away One who knows them well They'll appear if we wait because of her two puppies.. Two puppies from the daughter dog who gave birth recently are here then.. I checked after hearing yelping sound, and found the dog already gave birth to puppies underneath the container Leaving baby puppies here, The mother and the daughter often visit.. Place the camera and wait... Woof! Woof! Woof! The mother and the daughter appear..! Feeling anxious, but also are glad to meet up at the same time.. So many things go through her mind, but has to leave to somewhere else.. Out of pity the lady feeds them Once she disappears the daughter dog comes out to see her puppies After strolling around her puppies, with her mom who followed her lick each other's neck and take a break... As the PD tries to approach The two dogs run away right away Can't leave them in such condition Proceed to rescue them.. Put the daughter dog's puppies in the kennel As time goes by The daughter dog visits her puppies Hesitates upon sensing something's different and is very wary, walking around the kennel When she's off guard upon seeing her puppies Pull! Pull! Rescue success..! As if she was very scared, the dog who became anxious slowly relaxes... PD : Uh... (Smells) Nasty.. Stinks..? In severe condition to the point where she stinks Urgently being transferred to the hospital Set to remove the leash on her neck But... Vet : The leash pierced her neck and is attached to skin tissues Has to remove it through surgery Through surgery Remove the leash choking her neck Now waits for her to be recovered..! Vet : An adult dog's neck girth generally measures about 8 inches But this leash's size measures only 4-6 inches. The leash was pretty tight for her Must have been stressful and frustrated.. Pitiful.. Now, it's the mother dog's turn..! Rescuer : The dog must have moved to other places We'll keep tracking the dog's travel route and try our best to rescue the dog For the daughter dog Everything is strange and scary But we decided to wait for her to slowly open up her mind to the world with her puppies "Hope she recovers soon..." "Hope they find the mother dog and all four of them to stay healthy and be healthy..!" 