Owner : Jinma~ I used to raise a dog here but I lost him. I've been looking for him The dog disappeared two months ago Owner : This used to be my dog's house
PD : Oh here?
Owner : Yes.. This is where Jinma stayed until he got lost It all started from whence he made a house 
in the empty space for him who disliked being stuck in a narrow space Owner : Even if the door was open, he always came back home But this time, he didn't come and went missing This is Jinma The crew : Jinma?
Owner : Yes, look at him smiling.. The dog he had been nursing and loving like his child Whenever the memory  about him comes up to his head, the concern about him grows.. Owner : I got a report that someone witnessed him recently He appeared around the hood a few days ago He was spotted for several times, but the mister couldn't find him for some reasons.. Owner : He used to climb up to my shoulder and licked me.. But It's all gone now Owner : Uh, what's that? A back of a dog looks familiar to him.. Is he Jinma? Owner : Jinma~ Come here, Jinma~ No matter how much he shouts at the dog, the dog's busy running away Looks quite similar to Jinma There's a wound on the face and the dog has a wire around the neck As if something happened, the dog runs away from the guy Owner : Seeing a steel wire around his neck, he must be shocked after getting beaten up.. He's very wary of anyone including his owner Owner : This dog Villager : I don't think it's the one Owner : this dog is right Villager : Did he look like this? Owner : Yeah, he got dirty after this.. Everyone in the village knows about the dog Villager : The dog never comes even if I call him Maybe he was hurt by someone I called him to unleash the wire on his neck, but he didn't come Approaching a little bit closer makes the wary dog runs away and hide in another place.. Owner : The wire on his neck needs to be removed asap.. Avoiding the people's attention, the dog's laying down on the ground.. Jinma, Jinma.. The dog doesn't run away but just looks around But soon after, he gets up and leaves Jinma, come here! The dog who used to jump at him now steps backward Jinma, come here!! Come! He looks at me but never comes to me at all I guess he's retracing his memory. Whenever I call him, he would think like "I guess he's my owner" Searching for the dog in a junk shop where he went missing The crew : There he is! Owner : Oh my.. What are they doing Owner : Now is the chance though.. They are facing each other at an embarrassing moment.. He looks upset.. ..... Read the room, mister Next day, the mister visit the junk shop early in the morning Junk shop owner : I found a rabbit on my way to work 
The crew : Where? A dead rabbit was found..? Not the other dog, but his down came here this morning Check the CCTV The dog appeared with a dead rabbit in his mouth Why did he do that? Found a small farm in the village nearby Farm owner : There were 35 rabbits when I counted all of them Now only six are left including the bunnies Only a few are left and a dead one was found as well Owner : I'm worried that he became a nocturnal, wild dog.. It's getting cold now and there's no food.. As he continues to live outdoors, the dog's becoming wild.. He needs to be rescued Decide to rescue him in where he often appears 14 hours of waiting have passed The crew : The dog's here! The crew : The dog's going in He's inside! Pull it! Jinma looks frightened by the unexpected situation We got him! Jinma~ The owner who's been waiting for this moment.. Now he can check his face in a closer look Prepared safety equipment to prevent any attack from the dog as he's become sensitive Owner : Jinma~
The crew : Take a closer look The crew : What do you think?
Owner : I guess it's him He's Jinma~ The mister unleashes the wire that has been torturing him for months Owner : Why did you leave.. You must have gone through a lot.. He has no injuries but thinking of him being hurt by someone makes the mister cry He's a bit scared but is gentle as his owner is next to him Rescuer : Dogs would resist severely as they lived outside for long He wouldn't act like this if the guy wasn't his owner.. I think he's Jinma Front teeth are all gone I guess this dog is quite old.. Owner : Jinma is about 3 years old.. Based on his teeth, the dog must be over 6 years old Too much age gap though For more details, he needs to be examined in the hospital Fortunately, he has no health issues.. Washing off every dirt to compare the fur color Nervous moment of facing the truth.. Vet : The dog's pretty yellow.. Right? Maybe the dirt isn't washed off completely.. Owner : Jinma's fur used to long... Someone trimmed his hair before? "Mister, who are you.." Vet : I don't think he's Jinma.. I guess the owner was confused because the overall appearance of the dog is similar to that of Jinma Unfortunately, his fur color and age are different.. The one who's most embarrassed by this situation is him. I thought his fur got dirty as he had been roaming around the junk shop But his fur color is different from Jinma.. So many events that happened during the past two months run through his head now.. For those past two months, he had been busy chasing after the stray dog who he thought to be Jinma.. Jinma! Stahp.. I don't know you man.. Jinma! Those past two months where he couldn't even date a girl properly.... "Who are you.. And who the hell is Jinma..." The stray dog who suffered just because he couldn't talk.. For such dog, the mister made a special decision Owner : He must have been heartbroken in the past So I'm going to raise him healthily and give him so much love Let's live well together~ He looks like Jimna somehow.. Maybe he's Jinma.. I'm not Jinma.. But let's live well together! 