Hello. Hello. Hello. Hey, it's me Destin. Welcome back to Smarter Every Day. So every year I like to make a video about Not Forgotten, which is a Peruvian orphanage I work with This year's a little different. I usually make one to update you
on the progress of the orphanage. But for the project for Awesome this year, I want to make a video explaining the entire history of the effort because a lot of you may not have heard of Not Forgotten. or you don't know the history
of how this all happened. So I thought it'd be really cool
to put it all in one place. So here we go. A Brief History Of Not Forgotten. Let's start by understanding the problem. There's a city in Peru called Iquitos. It is the largest city
that's inaccessible by land. There's literally no roads in and out. You can only get there
via airplane or boat. For whatever reason, in this particular place in the world, there's a lot of abandoned children, most of then boys. There's abuse, neglect, there's addiction. The people that were supposed to care
for these children either can't or won't. There's some statistics
that say that one in 12 children in this area of the world
have been abandoned. That leaves them open to exploitation
and abuse. All kinds of things can happen. And so what I want to tell you is how Not Forgotten started to work on this and how it's working today. Alright, our story starts in 1978 when a young boy named Gene [Idlit] was born in Iquitos, Peru. Gene's mother was already abandoned
by his father. And Gene escaped the difficulty of life
at home with an abusive stepfather by seeking shelter in local churches and such. Gene spent a lot of time on the streets
and eventually worked his way to the capital city of Lima, Peru,
in search of a better life. Fast forward to 2002. A guy named Tyler Fiuque, a young college
student, went down to Iquitos, Peru, with a church group from North Carolina
to visit an orphanage. He hung out with the kids and when he left and went back home,
he wanted to help these kids and let them know
that they were not forgotten. Around this time, Gene was working
as a police officer in Lima, Peru, and one day he was tasked
with clearing out the street boys, or what his superiors referred to as "getting the filth up off the streets". And that didn't sit well with him because Gene remembered what it was like
to grow up in the streets of Iquitos. And so he decided at that point in time
he was going to help vulnerable children. Didn't really know what that looked like, but he volunteered at a local area there in Lima, which was owned by the same people that had the 
orphanage in Iquitos that Tyler had went to. So Gene's working in Lima. And then at some point, an opening
or a need arose over there in Iquitos. And Gene went. So Gene went back to that place in Iquitos
and started helping kids there. In 2006, Tyler and Allison, his wife,
they went back to Iquitos, and they met with Gene
and Gene's wife, Patty. They started to develop a relationship, and they started identifying key problems that seemed to persist, even with the children that were within
the care of the orphanage system there. At that point in time, they identified the key factor 
to breaking the cycle of abandonment, and that is to center the care around 
the family unit and at home. Tyler, Allison, Gene, Patty started coming up with a plan
to make this thing real. In 2008, I lived in a different city, and I went on a short term mission trip
to Chiquián Peru, where I started to fall in love
with the country. I had a blast. I fell in love with the people,
and it was amazing. So in 2010-2011 timeframe, when Tara heard about another opportunity to go to Peru, We'd had two children, she needed a break. We were like, "Yes, you're going to go and
you're going to go alone with the team." So she went. And this time she went to Iquitos,
and that's a trip that Tyler went on. Tara came back super excited. She was blown away, and she just looked at me when she got home and she said, "Hey, here's the deal. We're helping these orphans now. That's what we're doing." And I was like, "Yes, ma'am, we are. I don't, I've never heard of Iquitos,
but we're doing whatever you say." And that's how our involvement started. Tyler came back from that same trip
with a different vision. He had identified land that he wanted
to purchase to make the orphanage. And so we went and talked to several key
individuals and churches and businesses. He secured the money,
and then he actually purchased the land, which is where Not Forgotten
was going to build its first site. Here you can see some footage of the dirt
work being done on the property And this is when I started asking questions, because Tara was telling me all about it. My buddy CJ and I went and met with Tyler at a Chili's and we sat down and we started
talking about this Not Forgotten project. And at this point in time,
they had the land. They were pushing dirt,
but nothing had been built. So I was really forceful and telling
Tyler, "Something's got to be built. You got to you got to do something. You got to put a shovel in the dirt,
and do something." And so we came up with a silly
plan to build a septic tank for what
would become the guard shack at the gate. So I decided to go down to Iquitos and work with C.J. and Fidel and a crew to build a septic tank. And the whole purpose
wasn't really the septic tank. The purpose was to, like, send out the message of Not Forgotten to
everybody that watches Smarter Every Day. That was kind of the goal. For the last week,
a buddy of mine named C.J. and I've been working on a concrete crew we're working on a septic tank
for an orphanage. It's pretty awesome. We submitted this video to the Project
For Awesome. Good morning.
Hank. It's Monday, December 18th. 2012. Which means it's time
for the sixth annual project for Awesome. So all over YouTube
today, people are making videos about their favorite
nonprofit organizations. And right now,
you can go to projectforawesom.com and submit your videos
and also vote for your favorites to help decide where the Project for Awesome Funds go. A lot of money was raised through
the Project for Awesome for Not Forgotten. And more importantly, people started
supporting Not Forgotten on Patreon. The first few patrons
that started that coming in that started
to feel like a sustainable model because a certain amount of money
was going to come in every month and you could plan on that. So it became a thing: Smarter Every Day, I made sure to make a video every year. -Not Forgotten
-Not Forgotten -Not Forgotten
-Not Forgotten -It's a really good thing. And it was amazing!
We got the first kids into the homes. -Okay, now it's time to show you
what we've done on the orphanage. This is the fun part. There's a wall and let's go through
a butterfly puddle on the way Isn't that awesome? Let's go check out
what's been built on the orphanage. The families started being established. House parents came and moved into these
individual houses, and it was amazing. There was this huge transformation
that started happening For people that had gone to Iquitos
quite a bit to visit these orphans, there was this shift that happened When you would go, they would be like, "Oh, well, I mean, the people from America are here, it's party time! We're going to we're going to have gifts. We're going to have party", stuff like that. But then there was this subtle shift that those of us that had been down there noticed that was amazing. Instead of feeling like, "oh,
they're here, let's party", It was more like, "Who are you? And why are you visiting my home?" Which was amazing, because that was
the moment that you could see the vision. You could see that the kids were starting
to feel secure in their family. It's like, "Why are you visiting my home? Because this is my home." It was huge to see that transformation,
and you could almost see the cycle start to break
right before your eyes -So we're just serving dinner.
This is dinnertime at Moises's house. [speaking Spanish] [speaking Spanish] [speaking Spanish] [speaking Spanish] In Los Lomas, there's a lot of childhood
that's been lost so that's where the boys on this 100 acre
like playground, so to speak, I mean you've got soccer
fields, got the jungle, got the lake. That's where they can learn to be a kid again. That's where they can learn how to trust. Everything's not fight or flight at that location. You're learning how to interact
with people and how to trust people. But Gene and Patty realized that there's
this other thing that needs to happen. There needs to be a transition
from childhood to adulthood. And that's when Alporcar was started. That is a facility in the city where
the boys are integrated into society. They go to school, they're learning all these different
skills and trades and things like that. And when they're ready to go out on their own, they can do it in a more seamless way. So there are two facilities
that have two different purposes, but it works together
to break the cycle of abandonment One of the things that's amazing about
Not orgotten is the fact that there's all these staff that are Peruvians that are working there together to make sure these kids
have the best care possible. You've got teachers, you've got literally their parents, their house parents, you've got psychologists
you've got people that help prepare food. There's so much going on, and it's great because these kids are very, very well loved and very well cared for. Not forgotten is great. I've seen it with my own eyes. I hope to see it again this summer
if I'm able to travel down there. But it's, it's totally worth your support. There are 35 kids in care of Not Forgotten. There's two homes
at each locations as active. There's two homes at Los Lamos,
two homes that Alporcar. The desire is to open a third home
at Los Lamos. But the finances aren't there. The home is physically there,
but they need staff, They need to make it happen. So if you're interested in supporting
Not Forgotten, the best way to do
that is through Patreon. If there can be $4,000
additional per month given to Patreon, they can budget on that. It doesn't have to be a lot Whatever you are comfortable
giving for a long period of time, that's the goal so please consider going to that
link down in the video description. patreon.com/notforgotten if I recall correctly. And that would be huge. Anyway, that's it. That's a brief history of Not Forgotten
and why I'm involved in it and why I care so much. I hope you enjoy it. I know a lot of you are involved as well, and you've got your own story in relation to Not Forgotten and I think that's really, really cool. It's really cool
that this is just happening and these kids lives are changing and the cycle of abandonment is being broken slowly and I'm very excited about that. Anyway, that's it. Link's down in the video description I'm Destin. You're getting Smarter Every Day. Have a good one. Bye. -Adios. Adios.
-Goodbye Oh, and that, and that septic tank I worked on? Yeah, the guard shack never got built. However, there was a golden toilet
placed on top to, to commemorate its special place
in Not Forgotten history. 