Hey it's me, Destin.
Welcome back to Smarter Every Day.  I grew up here in Alabama,
like most kids in the area, learning how to catch lightning bugs
and putting them in a jar. It's a magical memory
that most of a share. But today, on Smarter Every Day Every day,
we're going to try to capture that childlike joy in a new way because we've been invited
to do something very, very special. Let's throw the family in the car
and let's go get smarter every day. Hey, I'm Destin. How's it going?
Nice to meet you. So this is Robin Taylor. He invited me to come see the synchronous fireflies
that I've never heard of. Destin: What do they do? Robin: They synchronize their blinks Destin: on or off? Robin: Well, both, actually. Destin: That all turn on ? Robin: No, they they turn. They will.
The whole forest will turn on. They'll blink
at the same time. Destin: Really? Robin: And they'll go off, and then
they'll blink at the same time. Destin: I didn't know that was a thing. Robin: That's the thing. Destin: I had no idea. Robin: So it's just going to be a creek
when we get up there. But it's real lush vegetation
all around the creek, and it's just a perfect moist hardwood forest,
and that's what they love. Destin: The fireflies love the moist
hardwood forest? Robin: And we there
this species is pretty rare. We just found these about four years ago. Just because we weren't looking. I thought I'd seen a couple out here
before at a house that was improved,
and they cut down all the trees. So my son and I just said,
well, let's go check out upstream. Destin: And they were there?
Robin: and they were there. And it's getting bigger every year. Destin: All right, let's do it. All right, you ready? All right. Who's out? He's going
Robin: is this everybody? Destin: This is everybody? Robin: OK, let's go find some. You do? I've got I've got four
or five flashlights, right?  Destin: I feel like we're on an adventure? Robin: We are like Jurassic Park. Robin: Jurassic bug! haha  Destin: This feels a little bit
magic, doesn't it? Destins' Daughter: YEAH! Are the flyerflies only going to be out at dark dark? Destin: Yes..... this feels like a real adventure going off road Destins' son: Oh! I saw a firefly! Destin: Did you really? Guys, you all know how beautiful
Alabama is. As soon as we get in the woods,
I realized it was very, very dark. So I just as the shutter
speed on the camera, which made some of the video look really blurry, like this
Robin: last couple of nights, this area on this side of the hill
has been going pretty good. Destin: OK Destin: we've got all these fireflies
that are going to come out, so don't turn your lights on to Mr.
Robin says so. So we're we're kind of in his house. ok? Robin: We're in the Lord's house. Destin: We are in the Lord's house. Destins' Daughter: Why is your light on? Destin: is it on? Destin: It's a camera. I'm sorry  Robin: I don't understand nature. I mean, these things will be
they'll be dormant. I mean, just you won't see anything. And all of a sudden, somehow
they know when to start rising. Destin: really? Robin: Yes. They'll just all of a sudden,
they'll start coming up. Destin: That was weird. I've never seen that. Robin: What happened? There's a firefly right there. Look at him blinking. Robin: He's going crazy. Destin: Is that normal? Robin: Yeah, Destin: that's normal. Robin: Yeah. They're going to. And it may be a snappy sync or not. We got some behind us. Destin: Do you see the one to your left? He's is directly to your left.
Robin: Right there. Destin: Yeah. Oh, interesting. The camera can't see it. How interesting. So this is the camera I was using that night,
and I use it all the time, but it doesn't record things
in the darkness very well. So in order to show you
what I was seeing, I want to make a few lightning bugs
and do a little visual display. All right. Here they are. You ready for this? I'm so excited about this. OK, so this is a stick, and this is a lightning bug,
and this is fishing line. So this is what I grew up thinking. Lightning bugs did. They would flash in such a way
where they would kind of ramp up and then they would sustain
that light for a short period of time and then they would fizzle out.
They would kind of burn out. So that would be the signature
I'm calling it the light signature of the lightning bugs
that I used to see growing up. So I thought,
this is what all lightning bugs did. However, this is what I saw
in the woods with Robin. So we've got a second lightning bug
here on the other end of the stick just because it's fun. This is what it looked like
that night. This lightning
bug was more interesting. It would just flash quickly
and it was like on, off, on, off, on, off. And it was a continuous pulse, but
it happened over and over and over. Whereas this one over here
was more of a slow pulse this one was just flashing rapidly,
which I thought was really interesting. It was this moment in my life
that I realize there are different flash patterns
for lightning bugs. This is something I didn't know
as an adult. So this is a pretty cool aha moment. I bought this book by Lynn Foust. She's an expert in fireflies,
has a really cool graph on the inside that shows you all the different firefly species
and their different flash patterns. Isn't that awesome? So you can see that different ones
do different things. And the one that we are seeing here
is this one right here for tourists, Antalya. So you can see
pulse, pulse, pulse, pulse. I think this is amazing. So that's what I saw and that's why
I was so excited in the woods. And the challenge now is to figure out how to use a camera
to show you what I'm seeing. Destin: Do you see them? Destins' Daughter: I came up here because I saw a whole
bunch down there Destin: where ? Destin: really? Robin: down in here. Destin: Oh, I see them, too. They're starting to wake
up, aren't they? I can already tell the cameras
aren't going to do this justice. They're all around us. Robin: Yeah, I think they're going
to come up everywhere. Destin: Look right there. Oh, my goodness. Are you serious? Look up there. Do you see that, Destins' son: sir? Destin: They're synchronizing. So the video cameras I was using
just really couldn't pick it up, so I started taking long exposure
photo shots with both my film camera and my digital camera. And these long exposure photos allow the light
over a number of seconds or even minutes to reach the film
or the sensor. And this gives you a better idea of how these things
were all around us in the forest. But what it doesn't do is convey
the blinking or synchronization, which is what
was really stunning. What they're all around us. Robin: It's amazing. Destin: I mean, you told me exactly what was
going to happen, but it's happening. Like, we may be able to film this and not see them and then come back
a year from now and see them. Robin: Yeah Destin: you know what I mean? OK, we're back in the woods,
and this is Robin. They're starting to come alive
back behind you here. So I returned to this spot a year later with my buddy Trent
and some cameras that we rented thanks to the patrons of Smarter
Every Day. The goal of these more sensitive cameras is to be able
to capture these awesome creatures as they light up the night. They look just like an LED blinking. Robin: I know. Destin: It's so fast. Robin: Yes know, you wonder how how in the world
did they do it? Because some of the people have said, you know, you see the ones as far
as you can see in one direction, you look the other direction
and their eventually going to all get in sync. And it's still a mystery
as to why they do that. Destin: And so the question I have
is, are they they're still out of sync? So but you can see that
the ones that are most they're most close to each other,
they'll start sinking up. Yeah. And then eventually does it
spread across the whole. Robin: Yeah, for sure it will. Destin: OK, yeah. This is a good spot. You remember last year I had the other cameras
that weren't good at darkness. They're great for other things,
color and whatnot. OK, so here's a little guy
right here. They don't move that much. One thing that I don't understand is the bioluminescence is chemical. And so they're just giving like
if you think about this, like a a by propellant, rocket propellant. And you you
you touch to chemicals together. Robin: Yeah,
Destin: they're firing just a minute amount. And when it fires,
what happens to the chemistry? That's my next question. Robin: It's got to be using some energy. Destin: I would think. Destin: It has to be, you know, man, can you see him
lighting up over your buddy? Trent: Oh, man. Trent: This is unbelievable in that crazy
it's like magic out here Destin: OK, so they are different from other fireflies,
the ones that are synchronous in the Smokies, they all turn on and
they all turn off at the same time. Here's one flying so if I can get in.  Where are you at? OK, we got one. So look at this. Trent: take that light away a little bit...  Destin: oh no I lost him! OH I got him! I was trying so hard, Trent: oh you lost him. 
Destin: I just lost him again. we're going to get him. All right. I want to look at your abdomen. Oh, man. I can remember doing this
when I was four Robin: I still do it. When you come. When you come back,
I can have you a whole jar of them. Destin: All right, here we go. I got it. All right. here we go i got it.  I pick you OK? The same search algorithm
is one of those four works today. You just pick one, you're like,
I am dedicated on you, OK? All right, so we're gone. Trent: that was amazing. Robin: Turn off the light. It may be still on the ground. Destin: Oh, he flew up. OK. All right, Robin, I'm
making an embarrassment of myself, OK? Be very delicate so we don't damage you. All right? Hey, ladies, check it out. There's very fast he's like, dude, if he knew what you're
keeping me from right now, OK, I yes, that is very fast. OK, well, let him go. See let him fly ok. Time for the construction paper. Lightning bugs again. I love this so much this time. Got the legs involved,
if you can see that. There's a lot happening down here. All right, so here's the question. How do they synchronize? And the answer is scientists
don't know. But what we do know is the synchrony
starts in one part of the forest and then it spreads
to other parts of the forest. So here's a question. What would happen
if we provided that optical drumbeat, so to speak, by using LEDs
in one section of the forest? Would we be able to get them
all on the same beat frequency? And how long would it take
for them to catch on? So we tried that with LEDs. We have a function generator
right here. We have LEDs that are soldered to a BNC cable
and they're chartreuse LEDs. So they look like the lightning bugs. And that's about
the size of a lightning bug abdomen. You know what? We need to compare approximate size
of LED approximate size, a lightning bug. You got that? Good,
because he was done. All right. They looked
just like the lightning bugs, man. It's working do you see that? Am I making that up
or is it actually working on the left side of the creek
over here? Trent: I see it, too, dude. Destin: It is totally working. Or you see in this Robin, Robin: I see it I'm trying to come up with a less scientific explanation about this. Destin: The camera's not doing it
justice at all. We got to figure this out,
OK? I'm not crazy. This was actually happening. This is the function generator
that we had out there. This is the mode I had it set in. I'm going to hit run here. And you can see that
these things start blinking. This was happening. I don't know why. I just did a really poor job of
being able to capture it via video. These are called snappy sync,
so I know it was working. So here's how I know it was working
because when we ramp it up to like ten Hz or down
to three Hz, they broke synchrony. But if we went back to five,
they would come back in I don't know if I have the shutter speed set
incorrectly on the camera or what. Or maybe it was a massive case of
cognitive bias, but for for my money, it felt like it was real so I would love for this
to be studied more in the future. That being said, the next night
we came out with more cameras with the goal of just capturing the
beauty of what was going on out here. OK, we're back. We have image stabilization
on the camera this time. That's good. This is the cannon image
or something. What is it? Trent: Me20F-SH Destin: OK, all that. This is like a see in the dark kind of a camera. It can actually do infrared. This is the other thing we have. It's a pan tilt unit,
and you can set keyframes. So where do you think we should set
this up? Based on where they are? Yeah, maybe it's just right. Right here. Right there. OK, we have no idea
if this is going to work. We finished setting up the video
camera, and Robin and I started taking still photos
as the light started to fade away. Robin, this is downright magical. This feels like childhood. Robin: I love it. Destin: I do too. I've got about four or five in here. Yeah,
I want to let them slowly crawl out. All right, guys, you're free. Here you go. I hope you're not upset with my videography in this video,
but the truth is, this is one of those things
you just have to see. Now, if you want to see it for yourself youll be tempted to just Google synchronous fireflies and drive your car
straight to the parking lot that Google tells you to go to. I encourage you not to do that
because these things are all over the place. I encourage you to research and figure out
when fireflies come out in your area and what environment
they like to live in. Once you figure that out,
get away from the city lights, find a spot
just like Robin did and go out when it's dark
and make observations for yourself. We just found
these about four years ago just because we went looking. If you do that, maybe, just maybe, you'll find a population
of synchronous fireflies. There in your area and you'll be treated
to one of the most beautiful displays of light
you've ever seen in your entire life. Destin:You have a childlike
wonder about you, don't you? Robin: I've tried to never grow up. Does that sound weird? Destin: No,
not at all. Robin: I get that from my dad and his. His brothers is you know,
stay active and just, you know, get out and do things
and enjoy yourself. So, Destin:  yeah, you're good at it. Destin: I appreciate it. I'm taking notes. Robin, this episode of Smarter Every Day
is sponsored by Kiwi Co and Kiwi. Oh, something landed on me. Oh, it's one of my little boats. I'm just joking. This video is about childlike joy. I hope you feel that. That was kind of what I was trying
to communicate with it. The fact that as you grow up, it's
important not to lose that spark. And that's what Kiwi co does. Kiwi co is something that my kids
have grown up with for years. There's these little boxes that come to your house,
and it has all the stuff you need to build
a really cool project. And I love it. I like to this day,
I still love making simple little things like this,
and I like making complex things. So if you want to
instill a sense of joy, of creating things into the hearts
of your children or a child you love, please consider
going the Kiwi Co.com/smarter50 that gets you 50% off
your first month of any crate. There's nine different lines you can choose from,
so you can tailor the joyful experience
for the kid that you love. No matter where the kid is at. There is a perfect project
that Kiwi Co has ready to go that's going to teach them
awesome steam principles science, technology,
engineering, arts and math. My kids have grown up playing with Kiwi
co boxes for years and we love them. They've genuinely helped our family. My kids are super confident now, using their hands,
doing all kinds of things. They're not intimidated
when I tell them to do something that's a little bit
out of their reach, they just grab the tool
and they go for it. And Kiwi
Co has a lot to do with that. So if you'd like to check this out,
please consider going to Kiwi Cocom slash smarter 50. That gets you 50%
off the first month of any crate. You're really going to enjoy it. OK, so this camera is incredibly sensitive
and we'll leave the menus up so you can see
what's about to happen. So this is visible spectrum
right now. If we flip it over to infrared, you
can see how much brighter it gets. You can see that
my pupils are probably real big because I don't really know
where I'm looking, but I probably look pretty goofy
to get an infrared mode?. Trent: Yeah its in! Destin: OK,
do I look stupid? Trent: Not really. Destin: All right. So check this out. Going to try to unlock this phone
with face ID and you'll see the face I.D. project on my my face. You see that? Because I can't. That's pretty cool. So I'll unlock it
and this is pretty cool, too. The 3D laser scanner on an iPhone,
I can't see this, but it can see it. And so I'm assuming
you're seeing stuff on my face. Trent: One moment for me. Destin: Are you adjusting it? Trent: Yep. Destin: I can't see anything. Can you see that? Trent: Yeah. OK, so infrared is pretty cool. This camera is amazing. Also, I can still see
all the lightning bugs around me. Oh, I'll get out of the way. If you can see the
lightning this Look at that. Can you see them? Oh, it's not focused. OK, we'll work on that
and get you some better images. One last thing. This is really surprising to me,
but almost 70,000 people have signed up for the smarter
every day. Email list,
which just totally blows my mind. That is amazing. Apparently emails
getting it done these days. I keep it simple. I don't spam you
because I don't like spam email. All I do is when I upload
a new video, I send you the link. It's that simple. So if you're into that,
then I will send you emails. If you go to the smarter every day
dot com website and there's a link to email
list up there, or I'll leave the link to the email list
down in the video description. But I'm really kind of interested
in this whole email resurgence thing. It's pretty interesting
so no pressure at all. But if you're into that, that is now
an option and I appreciate it. Thank you to you
for watching this video. I am grateful. Thank you to all the patrons that support smarter every day
and allowed me to rent these cameras. I'm grateful. I'm Destin. You're getting smarter every day. Have a good one. Bye. 