Hey, it's me, Destin.
Welcome back to Smarter Every Day. We are here at Lookout Mountain,
Alabama again at orbit shot glass. I made a video years ago called  The Mystery of the Prince Rupert's Drop about this peculiar little piece of glass
where it's really. Really tough. But if you even nick the tail,
it explodes. So what I'd like to do today is I want to get back to the basics,
because there's stuff I did not explore. When I first tried. To understand this thing, I would like to recreate an experiment
performed by Hooke, one of the. First scientists that ever put time
into the Prince Rupert Drops. He actually suspended it in epoxy, let
the epoxy harden and then nicked the tail. And then you can see the spatial fragment
distribution of the glass fragmentation,
which I think is awesome. So I'm so excited. So we're going to do is GOGGLE UP!
because science is about to happen. Let's go in here, meet my buddy Cal,
who has agreed to make me some more Prince Rupert's Drops. So we could take it back to my shop
and we can. Learn more about how this thing works.  Let's go get Smarter Every Day (Smarter Every Day Guitar Sting) What are YOU going to do?
(Laughs playfully at Odie) We've got a guard dog. All right, here we go.
(Sounds of glass furnace) How's it going, man?
Good to see you! Cal: Good to see you too!
Destin: How are you? Hey, Eric here's a fist bump. Hey nice to meet you!
How's it going? All right, so Cal is going to make. Some Prince Rupert's Drops for us. (Sounds of furnace and glass tinkling in background)  
 Destin: That one broke
Cal: Agrees 
Destin: That one lived Here at Orbix hot glass.
They're masters at creating beautiful works of art using the properties of glass. When glass heats up, it expands. And when it cools down, it contracts. And it was here that I first learned about
the Mystery of the Prince Rupert's drop. We made Prince Rupert's drops by dripping
molten glass down into cool water. And when the glass hit the water,
it froze. It hardened up. And then it started to contract
because it was cooling down. The inside, however, was still molten. So as it started to cool, it pulled in on that outside shell,
which was already hard. This is a Prince Rupert's Drop the outside is in an extremely high
compressive stress, and it's very tough. But the inside is in extremely high
tensile stress. The mystery, the Prince Rupert's
drop, though, is how tough they are. If you hit the outside with a hammer,
it WON'T break. But if you even nick the tail,
it will explode, not shatter. It will actually explode. That's why these things are so interesting. They're even tougher than I first
imagined, though, because I've done several other experiments
where I actually shoot bullets at Prince Rupert's drops
and they shatter the bullet. And it's not until the tail wiggles
that the whole thing will explode. Today,
we want to understand this explosion. We want to see if we can characterize
the spatial fragment distribution of the glass as it flies away
as this thing explodes. (Destin's Voice Echoing in cardboard box)
All right. I was successful in my attempts. To transport the Prince Rupert's drops here to the house. Trent's with me today because we have two High Speed cameras to run.
Trent: Wassup! We're going to run this one right here,
 it's called a 7510 It runs very fast.
This is the Smarter Every Day 2511 that'll do 25,000 frames per second 
at 720p So here's what we're going to do I got to readin' the paper,
it's "Micrographa" by Robert Hooke. I was a little bit wrong. He didn't actually. 
Suspend the drop in resin. He actually used this stuff. It's called ICTY- UH -Cola, I believe,
(Probably wrong) but it's a really fancy
glue made out of fish bladders. That's interesting. And the way he did it,
he kind of like coated the. Prince Rupert's drop. And then wrapped it in leather
and then popped it and that helped it retain its shape when it exploded
so he could see what happened. That's not what I want to do, though. 
I want to do something different. We've got these plexiglass boxes here. I want to fill it with an epoxy. This is a two-part epoxy. Used for furniture stuff. 
Coating wood and things like that. It's one to one mixture. So we're going to mix this in here. We're going to use
this fancy Mix-o-tronic 3000™ (laughs) we're going to mix that stuff in one of these cups
and then we're going to degas it. And the purpose of doing
this is to get all the bubbles out of it. And then I'm going
to start a stopwatch here. And what I'd like to do is
I would like to get the. Hardness of the resin to be 
just perfect enough where when we crack the Prince Rupert's 
drop, you can see the fragmentation, the explodey-ness of the 
Prince Rupert's drop. You'll notice that we have this angle
which shows like the overall propagation of the fracture wave as it goes down the.
Length of Prince Rupert's drop. So the one high speed Camera
I'd like to to capture that. But the other one I would like to get it nose on like this
because I want to see the explosion out in this radial direction. So I think we prepare the epoxy,
we start the stopwatch, we know how long the epoxy is hardening,
and then I will suspend it. We'll get aligned and then I'll pop it and then we'll get the high speed 
and see what goes down. You cool with that?
Trent:  OK, cool. So that's step one
and then we'll do it at some duration of time. That represents a certain hardness factor. And then we'll interpolate between there and see if we can get the 
right amount of time. Oh man, this feels like a thing... 
 I need gloves don't I? 
 This makes me so happy, dude. Oh, I got a lot of air
and that Mix-a-Tronic 6000 Startin' the clock!
Boop! Analog for the win.  Oh!  A BUG went in there! This is how Jurassic Park happens.
 Oh, man, it's not what we want. Get out of there, bug! All right, that pen's done.
 It's warm already. We're going to pull the uh....
 pull the bubbles out of that. Let's get a camera over here
and see what's going on. 
It's gonna boil. There she goes!! Getting all the air out of it
so we can see into it. That's a lot of air. I don't think I Mix-A-Tronic'd 6000
very good.  All right. I think when we let pressure back
in all the bubbles will get small. All right. Reapplying atmospheric pressure oh, the bubbles are getting small. It's getting clear.... It's got streaks
in that you can see the heat You can't really see.... it's kind of cloudy It's not crazy warm. Trent: You might need to mix it some more. D: Mix it some more? This is the manual Mix-a-tronic 2000 it's getting clear. I want to put more vacuum on that... Turning it off.... OK. Yeah, that's crazy. If I mix it by hand, it gets cleaner OK. And we did end up with
 some bugs in there. Jurassic Park style. Oh, it's smokin'!!!! (Clearly excited and perplexed)
It....It's Smokin! You see this!? Trent:  Oh, I do see... It's su...moking! Exothermic to the max! All right, here we go. 
Getting the Leatherman... I'm kind of scared of the Prince Rupert's drop. Your goggles are all my goggles are on. I'm going to position
the bulb towards you. Oh, it's getting hard. Trent: Oh, man. What happened? I got, like, a hard layer oh, it's getting hard. FAST. T: Close your mouth. D: Oh, yeah! Good point! D: Ready?
T: Ready..  Three, two, one.  OK, trigger... Whoa!  My mouth was open a little bit. OK.... Fragmentation did not move a lot so that actually solidified too hard. It was at 23 minutes since the moment
the Mix-A-Tronic uh touched it. Let's see what we have here. Yeah.
So we didn't get a lot of movement there. Didn't get a lot of movement at all. You can see that
the Prince. Rupert's drop solidified in kind of a weird way. NOT what I was going for. I actually thought that
that was going to be too runny.  Less than ideal results... Um, let's go see
what is on the high speed cameras  that's fast. All right, so playing through out of focus
a little bit that's cool. So you can see it run. The racetrack, right? OK, so look. At the fragment. Distribution up top.
You can see that. It's spreading. Out, but the down below, we kind. Of overexposed. A little bit. But the the epoxy is impeding
the explosion, so it's not going out. We have to science harder. You can always get what you want... but if you try, sometimes
you'll get what you need. (giggles) Look at that. When I was putting it
in. There, I hit. That floor. I couldn't go below that. So we're not solidifying
 at the same rate across. So I think we need to insert
the Prince Rupert drop earlier. Yes. And what this also means is
we may end up with a... An asymmetric fragmentation. Distribution because the viscosity
 might not be... ....homogeneous. 
T: Yes.     D: OK Trent: Whatcha doing there?  Oh, you know... just trying to mix the vertical strata
as well as the horizontal. I remember  my baseball coach 
on a camping trip... taught me that mixing eggs 
is better with a fork than a spoon   We're pretty goopy this time. Smoking's happened. OK, I'm going to try in three.... two... one Trying..... Don't trigger yet. Here we go. And.....    Ouch! Oh, it's hot. Oh, man. It got on my finger and it sunk. Trent: You alright? Destin: Yeah, I'm good. It's the epoxy was hotter. Than I expected. OK, I'm going to wash that off for a quick
so I don't get burned With the epoxy on my watch, uh... That was like, 18, 19 minutes, man. OK, this is hard      The fluid is too liquid. We might not be able to do this because it
it didn't dissipate a crazy amount, and then it fell down,
so this might not be possible. So there's definitely a shockwave. This shockwave propagates right into the bulb, right
am I seeing that right? Like there's
some kind of momentum to the shockwave. Oh, we learn something. OK, so there's a shockwave that just goes along the axis of the bulb boom. And then afterwards, the. Fragmentation. OK, so a pressure wave hits the glass that's cavitation, I assume, on the glass. Trent: So right there is when it gets the biggest
and then it starts to slam back shut. Destin:It sure does. T: Hydrostatic pressure of the fluid, right? D: I would think so. How can we make that shot better? You're asking the right questions. So we need to get a shot
between that viscosity and the first shot to viscosity. 
-Yes. So it's like right
after it starts smoking. Well, we know. Yeah. It's like it's
like we wait for the potion to get ready. It starts smoking. <We're like, all right,  Trent: I see smoke. You see magic smoke? T: I see magic smoke, D: Magic, smoke tiiiiiime!  We need to wait 2 minutes for magic smoke. Time to take effect. It's gelatinous. OK, ready? Yep. Three, two, one. 
Do it Destin! T: Keep it centered! 
D: I'm trying so hard. Can't even see it anymore. T:  Keep it centered... D:  Trying...   oh, it turned!
 Gah! it turned on me. It twisted. I have failed
BUT we can see the shards pretty good. OK, it still fell. The whole thing was gelatinous. Look at that. Holy cow. T: Already?
D: The whole top is rigid. So magic smoke time, IS IT. I mean, that's it, man. We did get it to expand hey! As far as accomplishing. What we were trying to accomplish,
we did pretty good. OK, so goes. We were able to capture that, the spatial fragment distribution
we were going for, but not this. So that's not homogeneous in terms of viscosity or hardness. It's not. It doesn't look like
we're going to get what. I wanted, which was like the galaxy. Frag pattern, but we're gonna
get something cool. So mix... magic smoke.... 
2 minutes... let the top get hard... T: And then wait 
D: And then wait! OK, on day two we're making two changes here. First of all, we're not going
to use these pliers which try to shear the Prince Rupert's drop. Which ends up torquing it. We're going to use these bolt cutters
which pinch directly. Hopefully that won't spin
the Prince Rupert's drop in the box. And also we've made smaller boxes. The hope here is that we can see through
less epoxy and we can get a better image. OK, we're going to mix up
two things like this. And we're going to let it get
hard in the whole bit. So..  Whoops! Ha Ha ha! Had a blowout! Oh, it's got little air bubbles
on the PRD -Hah, yeah OK, here we go. Ready? I'm ready. Mouth closed? 
-Mouth closed  Awesome. Heh, Hah! Hu Ha Oh, it's beautiful, dude. -Got it. Airs coming in all the way
through the tail. Right there... there's air coming in and it's
going all the way through the glass. I don't know, man, but that's
going to be awesome on desk, isn't it? -Yes, it is. I'm going to set this right here while
I save the high speed, see what happens. So here's that footage sped up,
and you can see a wing like bubble emanating
from the shattered Prince Rupert's drop. And the more I look at this
and the more I think about it, the less I'm sure I understand
what's happening here Is it the internal stresses in the epoxy? Is it some type of air coming down all the way
through the Prince Rupert's drop? I don't really know.
I'm still working on this. But what I DO know is the slow motion is awesome. It's pushing a that's a shockwave. It's pushing a shockwave in the  OH ITS A REFLECTED SHOCK WAVE! -HAHA! Should we try to do that
shot again, but go faster, squish down. Yeah, it's set up right now.
We just have to frame it. Yeah. I also want to get the curlicue
running down into it, too. Oh, man, I love this so much. So we. Didn't end up freezing
the fragments. Of a Prince Rupert. Drop medic explosion
quite like I had visualized in my mind. But we did end up in my favorite place
to be trying scientific things I've never done before
and reveling in the exploration and the artistic beauty
of what I'm experiencing. To me, there's something about just
playing and trying to understand the world around me and uncover more truth
that just lights my soul on fire. I absolutely love this,
and I think it's beautiful.  And OK, I want to go update you
on the laminar flow fountain. But before I do that,
I want to tell you about today's sponsor. This video is sponsored by Brilliant. And Brilliant is a really good. Tool that you can use to learn scientific concepts STEM science. Technology, engineering, math. All the different things. Brilliant has tons of different courses
that you can take you can take one on scientific thinking, computer science,
all different types of math. It's a really good interactive way to learn these concepts because personally I learned the best
when I'm actually doing things. So just like we did in this experiment
on this video, you. Can grab handles, turn knobs, things of that nature. Brilliant is designed. In a really cool
way to make you OWN the content in your brain. Instead of just like memorizing facts,
you can understand things. So if you don't check this out,
I'm going to Brilliant.org/SmarterEveryDay. You can sign up for Free and get 20% off your annual Premium membership. OK, laminar flow.
Fountain update here in just a second. I love the Red Trains and here it is. This is what I wanted to show you. The laminar flow fountain is off.
:( Look at this. I can learn about how water flows
right here on my phone. And if I worked here,
that would help me fix this. Alright I'm just being silly,
but I do want the fountain going. And I do appreciate everybody that supports
the sponsor because you're smart. You know how this works. Everybody that supports the sponsor
supports Smarter Every Day, and I'm grateful. So, again,
if you're interested. In learning more about cool STEM
concepts in an interactive way that will help you own the content,
feel free to go to Brilliant.org/SmarterEveryDay,
sign up for free and get 20% off your Annual premium membership. I hope you enjoyed this episode of Smarter
Every Day I'm going to coat this thing right here on the end 
and try to keep air from coming in it for a little desk ornament, but I hope you enjoyed learning some stuff about Prince Rupert's drops. Like uh Like Robert Hooke did back in the 1600s. If he would have had the tools he could have done some amazing things,
but I'm just grateful that we have access to tools like this. Thank you to the Patrons
for supporting. You enable us to do things like rent, high speed cameras and all this kind of stuff, so I'm grateful. Feel free to subscribe if you want to. I'm Destin you're getting Smarter Every Day. Have a good one. Bye. OK, so this. Is the Prince Rupert's Drop 
that I coated. I expect it to shatter
and I don't know... Stretch? Who knows? Three, two, one. Or go  Didn't coat it enough haha! Where did it go? I guess it exploded like everything else.
 