Oh, hey, how's it going  in this video? You're the frog. Hey, what's up? I'm Destin. So what I would like to do today,
 with your permission, is I would like to use any trust
 that I've earned with you throughout the years
 here on Smarter every day.  And I would like to push all that
 to the center of the table and use it to talk about a topic, a topic
 that's very important to me. Over the last several years,
 I have been reading the works of very smart, and credible people, and they've been saying
 something in the background. And I think they're right.  I think we've let something go too far. And so today I would like to start  what I'm calling this smarter
 every day privacy series. In this first video,
 I would like to explore your current privacy situation
 and how we got here. And then at the end of this video,
 I have a proposal for a way to push back against the current situation
 in a very real way. I know that you're smart,  so that puts the onus on me
 to try to compel you to agree with me. So that's my job here in this video.  I'm going to try to make
 a compelling enough case to convince you that privacy is worth fighting for. And the way I want to do
 that is by talking about frogs. There's an old expression about boiling
 a frog and it goes something like this. If you have a pot of boiling water
 and you drop a frog into that pot, it'll realize it's hot and it'll jump out. However, if you were to place a frog
 in room temperature water and then slowly crank up the heat
 hotter and hotter and hotter, the frog doesn't realize what's going on
 and eventually it'll croak. It's true that the scientific
 merit of this experiment is in question. However, the object
 lesson is very, very important. When you're living
 in one specific moment in time, you can only see the things around you
 from your specific spot on the timeline. This is especially true
 when it comes to privacy. I started looking into history
 and I realized that as our ability to record and retain information increases
 our natural desire to collect information on other people and keep
 that information has also increased. We're just naturally nosy people.  Another thing I realized is
 as the distance between people has changed and we're able to communicate over
 longer and longer distances, our ability to intercept
 that communication and get information on other people,
 that's also increased. During my research,
 I purchased this beautiful physical copy of The New Yorker
 from nineteen thirty eight. There's a neat article in it
 about wiretapping written by a guy named Meyer Berger.  It describes the history
 of how wiretapping started when telephone workers
 joined the police department and details the methods used by both private
 and government wiretaps. It explains how telephone companies
 initially assisted in the wiretapping, and then they got put in an uncomfortable
 position and they quit helping. It also explains how wiretap would
 sometimes amuse themselves by listening in to private conversations that had nothing
 to do with their investigations. So in the 1930s, people kind of viewed
 wiretapping is like this thing that had to happen
 in order to catch criminals. However, it got so out of control
 that there was a public outcry. And by the 1950s,  you had all kinds of legal scholars
 and politicians debating this publicly. And in my judgment,  it's difficult for me to escape
 the fact that when government officials engage in wiretapping, they are engaging
 in a form of criminal conduct. And I don't think that we should
 should impose it upon the American people, because it is a serious violation,
 in my judgment, of the precious right of privacy, the right
 to keep the American home, the free Freemans Castle transition
 to within our lifetimes. In the seventies,
 the digital revolution is underway. Transistors and digital
 recording media allow for more sophisticated surveillance
 and broader data collection and analysis. Surveillance steadily increases
 until that one Tuesday in September 2001. Now that a plane,  one of the towers of the World  Trade Center, when America was attacked,
 everything changed. Suddenly, people all over the country,
 myself included, we were motivated to do whatever it takes
 to fight terrorism. And we did in that moment
 through the signing of the Patriot Act. We threw out a lot of mechanisms
 which prevented the use of unchecked surveillance power.  If you weren't an adult at this
 time, it's very difficult to describe what that felt like.
 We just wanted to catch the bad guys. And a lot of our decisions
 and thinking was driven by emotions. There was another thing that happened  at this point in time, though,
 in the early 20, OT's, I'll call it. There were these big Internet companies
 in this new thing called social media. And these companies started
 developing services that you could use. And the only thing they ask
 for in exchange is for you to put your data into the company.  It was interesting.  It was like the first time the Internet
 became a self-propelled business. The engine that made this whole technology
 happen was user data. All we had to do
 was put our data in the system. That didn't matter to us.
 We weren't trying to hide anything. We could put it in the system
 and all of a sudden we had access to all these new,
 really interesting, capable. Abilities and it was fun.  So this is where we found ourselves,
 we had this perfect storm of legislation passed
 to increase digital surveillance and every big tech company everywhere
 trying to make money off of users data. Fast forward 10 to 15
 years later, and you get this gigantic data forms within driving
 distance of wherever you live. These things have been quietly
 popping up all around us. And you might not have noticed.  I don't know what this specific
 location is for, but what I do know
 is that it's full of data. We put data in huge
 places like this every day. OK, now we're on the other side
 of Huntsville in a sketchy sprinter van getting drone shots
 of the Facebook data center. This thing is absolutely massive. There are two buildings
 that are completed.  There are two other buildings that are
 under construction. This is insane. If you're not paying for the product,
 you are the product. And I don't pay for Facebook, WhatsApp
 or Instagram. I don't know if you do. You are the product.
 And this is where they store that product. Some of the stuff that's stored  in data centers like this, I'm frankly
 grateful for this video, for example. I am grateful for the ability
 to distribute this to everyone for free. Some of the stuff  that's in these buildings,
 I'm not cool with how long I looked at a particular picture on Instagram,
 what my search history was, what the location of my phone was last night,
 where you slept, who slept there with you? It gets weird, doesn't it?  It's more than that, though,  because I've got all my documents
 like personal and business. I've got all my emails. It's all there. That's the treasure trove.  It's all in one place. Is that smart? So if you're like me, you might be OK
 with your data being stored in a facility like this
 as long as it was kept private. But what if I told you there is a way
 for someone to remotely extract data from your records without you knowing it? Because that's exactly
 what happens in the US. We have the Fourth Amendment to the US
 Constitution, which was ratified in 1789. At this point in time,
 people were concerned  about unreasonable searches
 and seizures of their papers and effects. You were concerned
 about a literal soldier with a gun showing up at your house
 and rifling through your physical papers. We now live in a very different time. Now, someone just has to gain access
 to your digital files wherever you store them,
 which is easy to do without you knowing, because we no longer
 maintain physical control of our effects. I would argue that our effects
 should include our digital property, but currently effects are commonly interpreted
 as only someone's physical property. So at this point,
 I'm looking at the Fourth Amendment.  It makes a lot of sense to me.
 If we could just get that to extend to digital property,
 then we're golden, right? Well, no, it's complicated. Who has access to your digital
 email is a function of where you physically store
 the digital files and email server in your basement
 is one of the only things that's protected
 under the Fourth Amendment.  That doesn't really sound like a big deal
 unless you understand how this process works.  If you wanted to share  a private digital document
 with a friend in a different location, how would you do it?  We like to imagine the file going
 directly to them, but it doesn't. It goes through a service provider  and often to a big tech company
 data server like these buildings. Not only could they see what the document
 is, they could keep it there forever. So the question is simple.  Do you trust these big tech  companies and service providers
 to keep your data secret? Because you shouldn't
 because they're not allowed to, let's say big tech company sells you
 in a cloud service to back up your data, photos, documents, maybe some biometric
 stuff from your smartwatch, whatever. It's got to factor authentication
 and it feels super safe. But let's not pretend
 like you read the terms of service. Who does anyway, right.  Along with the intentional data,
 without realizing it, you end up putting in unintentional metadata,
 XOOPS history, phone and message logs, contacts,
 Internet session times. No one piece of this
 data would be very useful. But when aggregated, this metadata
 creates a complete map of who you are, the who, what, when
 and where of your lives. Even though you're trusting big tech cloud
 to guard your stuff, at this moment, the government can and does
 subpoena people's data, and then the government
 can issue a gag order so that these providers aren't allowed
 to tell you that your data was requested. This is generally done
 in the name of national security. But how do you know, since
 there's no outside accountability, even the fact that your data has been
 requested is kept secret? So how can we have a review to know that
 what's being done is right? Some companies literally
 have a dollar amount. They charge the government
 to give away customer data. That tells me that this happens
 way more than most people realize. By the way, even though that  big data center that we were just
 flying over was owned by a tech company, the land it's sitting on is owned
 by the United States government. I don't know what that means.
 I was just surprised by that. Look at this. The president of Microsoft
 is complaining in The Washington Post about having to execute
 these secret data requests. I could see how these tech companies
 are in a pretty crummy situation. And by the way, these secret requests  are happening under both Democratic
 and Republican administrations. Power corrupts people,
 and the ability to intercept data and communication between different
 people is incredible power. If this capability.  He exists as someone in the political  hierarchy is going to choose
 to use this power and they're going to frame its use
 as good in an attempt to stay in power, as I'm talking about all the stuff  he might be thinking, well,
 I have nothing to hide. What does all this matter?  And the answer is
 this can deeply affect your life. Cybercrime and data
 leaks are at an all time high. Have you ever gotten
 a sudden surge of spam in your email? Have you started getting a ridiculous
 amount of robocalls? Has anyone opened
 a credit card in your name?  Have you received physical letters
 from your bank employer saying, sorry, but our system was compromised in your
 personal information have been stolen. All of these things are the result
 of hacks and leaks of your information that was sitting unprotected
 on someone else's system. We've been conducting our business
 every day in a manner that gives other companies
 control of our information. We've relinquished control.  If you were to pull a 1980s  version of us forward till now,
 we would be able to quickly identify how bad it is for us to let others control
 so much of our personal information. But because it happened slowly,
 we weren't able to detect the massive changes
 that were happening all around us. We are boiling the frog
 and we're the frog. We are giving away our privacy
 for convenience, entertainment and social media.  My question is, is this
 the way it has to be? The first thing that made the Internet  run was an engine
 that ran off of users data. Oftentimes, though,
 the first version of a technology is not what's ultimately in the best
 interest of society. We're now running today's Internet
 by still using the same type of engine we started with.  And a byproduct of this approach
 is the spewing out of your private data all over the Internet, like air pollution. The damage this does is not immediately
 obvious, but in the long run, it wreaks havoc on our society and
 eventually becomes an existential threat. Just like how most car manufacturers  are swapping out internal combustion
 engines for cleaner electric motors. It's time to take the next big step
 for how we use the Internet. We need a new technology
 that's clean that doesn't spew out your private information
 and pollute the environment. We need an engine built for privacy. Over the past three years,
 I've been working with a group of developers in Columbus,
 Ohio, on ways to solve this problem. To do this right,
 we think there needs to be  not only regulation,
 but a technology solution. And we think there are three key
 technologies that need to be implemented. The first thing we think is important  is end to end encryption,
 where the users hold the keys. A lot of people say
 they have Indian encryption,  but if the tech company
 in the middle has the key. You don't own the data.
 So this is important. If you can have a truly into an encrypted
 solution where the users hold the keys. Then you own the data.  So what we're working on is a way
 to make key handling easy and simple. The second thing that's important
 is called zero knowledge architecture. This protects against hacks, leaks, secret
 subpoenas and government overreach. This is a way to ensure  that you and only you get to control
 who gets to see the data. The third thing that's important
 is open source coding. This allows the systems trustworthiness
 to be independently verified. Signal is the gold standard for encrypted
 text messaging and phone calls. The problem is that communication
 is just the tip of the digital iceberg. We're trying to come up
 with a way to apply that  to all the other digital stuff
 you do in your life. Imagine how cool it would be to have
 a very simple technology that could apply encryption
 to the everyday business of your digital life in a way
 that gives you the encryption keys. That's the magic of what
 we're trying to do, set in a complex way. The most important thing we're doing
 is encryption, key handling in a very simple,
 transparent way for the user. So here's what we're doing.  We want to remove the dirty data
 spewing ingen that the Internet is currently running on and replace it
 with a clean engine built for privacy. We're actually calling this effort.  Are you ready for it? For privacy. So we plan on incorporating the for
 privacy engine into other technologies. Whether it's our method or something
 even better comes along. We want a more private future.  Also, we're looking for experts
 and collaborators. So if you think you would be willing to
 contribute in some way, please reach out. We're a small team  and we're looking for people to partner
 with to make this thing work. If you're one of these folks
 that think you might be interested,  I will leave links down below
 so that you can contact us. We would greatly appreciate that.  Last thoughts. Even if you're
 not interested in our app, that's the proof of concept
 for the privacy engine. If we could create a successful
 Kickstarter campaign, that would send a powerful message
 that privacy is important and things need to change.  All right. This is the first video
 in the smarter, everyday price. C series, there's a lot to cover here.  So please consider
 checking out the links below. Thank you so much.  I'm destined to getting smarter every day. Have a good one. Bye. 