Okay. I'm at the Exploratorium
in San Francisco, and this is one of the most amazing
exhibits I've ever seen. It's very simple, ....but it's mindblowing. These are
live chicken embryos, right? They've got them laid out here. 
It's basically an egg without the shell. I want you to look at this. Day 1 this is when the egg is laid. It's just a simple egg, nothing
really special going on here. But things start to be created. That's
the, that's the embryo and the yolk there. This is Day 2. 
We've got more development. We've got the brain and the heart.
And if we look in really close here, you can see that things kind of
start to organize. Right? Okay. This is the part that blows my mind. 
Day three to four. We start to get some actual development
here and we get a heart that pumps. So look at this. So you can't really
see it. I'm going to zoom in here. Look at that little red dot. Look really close.... Can you see it? That is a heart pumping. Isn't that crazy? Let's get some magnification here. You see it pumping. That's WILD. Okay. Now for the grand finale, this is, this is something I could look at forever. Five to seven days.... We start to have an actual chicken,
right? You can see the backbone, the heart, the... waste sack? Which is interesting I didn't know that was a thing. So here we go. Let's zoom in here. Five to seven days. Look at that...... It's moving. So I guess the chicken.... let's orient another way. Let's orient this way...
Look in close. (In awe) Look at that..... This is one of my favorite
exhibits of all time, anywhere. The Exploratorium
is an amazing museum, ...but you can see the chambers of
the heart. You can see the eye... you can see the brain up top there... That waste sack on the bottom is something I didn't really understand. 
I didn't know that was a thing. Is this not incredible!? You even see the backbone there... If you look REALLY close, you can see the vasculature on the inside. This is really special. I love it. And confident you love it too. Life is amazing. This is incredible. I am grateful to everyone who
supports at patreon.com/smartereveryday You let me make videos about
stuff like this, and I'm super thankful. Have a good one. Here you go girl... [Outro music playing] 