(upbeat music) (submarine sonar ping) - Hey, it's me, Destin. Welcome back to Smarter Every Day. Earlier this year, I had an
amazing opportunity to board a U.S. Navy nuclear submarine
on an ice flow in the Arctic. This is the next video
in a Smarter Every Day deep dive series into
submarines and how they work. So far, we've learned
about the command structure and how torpedo tubes work, and there's a lot more videos to come. Given the fact that while
on board this submarine, we're literally under several feet of ice, it's very important to me
to understand how to handle situations that could jeopardize the boat. We have to be able to fix these problems from within the submarine, because a little problem could grow into a big problem in a hurry. So the word of the day for this video is: - Casualty. - Casualty. - Casualty. What is a casualty? - Casualty is what we call any kind of problem, I guess you can say. So a fire, a flooding,
those are casualties. So we are... One of the biggest
things that we train to, it's like I talked about, submarine's a very
unforgiving environment, is to very rapidly, aggressively
attack any kind of casualty in order to save the
ship and save each other. So that's what we spend a
majority of our time training to. - This is Matt. Chief Charleton is gonna
be the primary person to walk us through the
different ways of responding to fire or flooding on the boat. - Okay, we just got in, and we have to get trained on what to do in the event there's a fire. - You sink it, no ability to surface, no fresh air, right? So we have EABs, Emergency
Air Breathing system. So you have these manifolds
all over the boat. What you do is you turn this right, it's just a little plug that'll fall out. If you look on the deck here, if you have a rectangular
non-skid pattern, that means it's directly overhead. If you have one of
these triangular shaped, then it's kind of on the bulkhead and you have to just look for it. - Got it. - So the first step you wanna do is save yourself. Plug the hose in, so you have an air supply. (air hisses) And you kinda gotta shove it up in there. Some of them are a little
stickier than others are. And then you always want to clip this on your belt on the left side, because in a smoke-filled compartment, you're not gonna be able to see anything, so you have to kind of feel around. So if somebody is always
putting it on their left side, then you know where it's gonna be. - Okay. - Somebody taps you, you
can plug into somebody else. - Oh, okay, you share. - Yep, and then what you do is you put your chin in the bottom here and pull the straps up over your face, and then you tighten
bottom two straps tight, then you tighten the top. And the you pull the
flash hood over like that, and so this is to protect
you from heat damage. Obviously, you wanna roll
your sleeves down if it's hot. You wanna get out of the affected
space as soon as possible. But this is going to let you breathe in a smoke-filled compartment. - Yes, sir.
- Okay. - Can I try it? - Yep. - So first things first, I'm
gonna put this on my belt. - Left side. - Left side, left side. Just plug it straight in, or is- - You got to shove it
way up in there, yep. (air hisses)
You'll hear it a click. There you go.
- Oh, nice. All right, then you pull your mask on. Let me get my... - Done? - All right, so now if you want to check and make sure you've got a good seal, what you'll do is you'll take a breath in, twist that to the clockwise, and then you're gonna wanna hold it, 'cause it's gonna pop out. And then make sure
you've a good face seal. If you get any air in there, then you're not gonna get a good seal, and you can get some- (air hisses) (indistinct) So now plug it back in. (air hisses) Good to go. - Cool, that's easy. And the right thing to do
is for me to yell "air" before I do that, right? - You can, that's just a submarine thing. You wanna let people know that "Hey, I'm gonna cause a noise." It's not really normal
to have air anywhere. So if we hear that, it could
perk somebody's ears up and say, "Hey, what's going on?" So we just kinda do that
to let everybody know what's going on. - Got you. - So in fire, I would
not worry about that. - Nobody cares in fire, so I say-- - In a fire, if you're
going around saying "air," we'll all gonna look at
you like you're crazy. - Air! So I did that wrong? - Yeah. - (laughing) I'm supposed
to hold it when I do it. - (indistinct) - Yeah, okay, yeah. The things you learn on the
first day on a submarine. So where would this be located? - Crew's mess is like a
centralized area for everyone that's off, we're just
gonna hang out here anyway. - Yeah. - And if a fire was to
happen right now right now, because they're out here,
they would just grab this. They're not gonna run into
the rack, grab an EAB, and then run to the
unaffected compartment. - So what does the call sound
like in the event of a fire? If there's a- - There would be an
announcement on the 1MC, which is the general speaker, followed by a general alarm, it's just... It bongs for about 26 seconds, and then it'll turn off and
then they'll announce fire. And it will do a big long
announcement for where it is, with the class is, how to route
the hoses, things like that. - We're going to come back
and see how they actually a fight a fire together. But first, let's head
down and see what they do if water starts to flood the boat. Okay, so we're in the torpedo
room, which is awesome. That's a torpedo by my foot,
you know, normal stuff. But my understanding is this is the room that's most likely to
flood, is that correct? - Yes, sir. - Now why is that? - So we have the torpedo tubes
that are directly to sea. So we have one here, or two here. - Yeah. - And then two on the port
side of the ship, as well. - Okay, got it. So the idea is if you get
a leak there or something, it's gonna come in, water's gonna be everywhere here, and you gotta get it out fast. - Absolutely. - And so this is a
pump, you're telling me? - Yes sir, so that's a
portable submersible pump, I could put this in any of our bilges, connect it to pump the water off. - What do you connecting to? - So it's a big hose,
essentially the fire hose that we have here, but a lot bigger. - So how long would it
take to empty that bucket? - As soon as you turn that pump on, it's gonna empty in about five seconds. - God. - That's why we have two fire
hoses here, fully pressurized. We have to discharge both
of those simultaneously and maintain the drain rate
of the submersible pump. - That is a serious pump. - And you'll see it jump a few
inches when they turn it on, just from that unusual surge. And then the hose will
immediately pressurize, pressurize the drain header, and then they'll use the drain pump, which is back aft to pump
all the water off the ship. - Really? - Mm-hmm. - So it has to pump it at
a pressure that's higher than the depth that we're at, right? - Correct, yeah, so the variable speed. We'll use that to pump overboard
and overcome sea pressure. - That's amazing. So that pump line is going to come alive. - Yep. - So it'll smack him upside the head. - Right in the face. - I probably deserve it. (laughs) (pump whirring)
(water gushing) - Whoa. - As you can see, it's
kinda keeping up there, so now they're having to
throttle to maintain flow, And you want to keep it covered, but obviously we don't
want to make a mess, 'cause the more stuff you make a mess the more you have to clean up later, so. - Right. - So we can go ahead and... - Kill. - I'm closing it. - Secure the drain pump. - All right, shut the bilge. - They're shut. - Mine's shut. (water splashing) (indistinct) - Surge pump, surge pump. - Stand by. - It's the hose back filling. - Some of it is, yeah. - Yeah. - Start the pump.
- Start the pump. (indistinct) - All right, Stop the pump. - Stop the pump. And stop the drain pump. - That's a lot. - That is a lot. - So like, a little bit
of water got on the floor. - A little bit. - So what happens to that water? - So there's actually a
bilge underneath here, so we'll go in and there's a bilge such that we can use
to pump that out with a pump. And then the rest of it that we can't get, that's below the section, we can use just the
regular vacuum cleaner. Clean that up, dump it into a funnel, and it'll fill up one of the submersible bilges that we have. - Really? - And we'll consolidate all that stuff, and then we pump it overboard. - Wow. That's amazing, can I follow that hose? - Yeah. - I can follow that hose? So I'm following that drain hose. So I went this way? (whispering) Oh man, straight
through where people sleep. This is where people sleep. Right there. This where it goes? That's where it ends up. - That's right in down there,
and goes to the trim system. - Back in the crew mess, quickly becoming one
of my favorite places. Yeah? What're we doing? - All right, so right now we're gonna do a simulation of the, putting a temporary patch on
the pipe that would have been leaking during the flooding
drill that we're doing. - It's just copper pipe. - It's just a copper pipe. It's open-ended just the simulation so... - What kind of material is this? - It's a piece of bent steel
with rubber on the inside, so that way when we
actually put pressure on it, it kind of digs in, creates like a gasket. - Yeah. - Holds everything together. - Cool, rock and roll. Does this happen a lot? - No. - It's a bad day if it does this. - Oh yeah, a horrible day. - And so what they're doing now is that they're applying
this chain wrench. And what that's gonna do for them is, imagine that pipe was ruptured, and so the flooding would
be coming out of that pipe. So what they're doing is the chain wrench is gonna hold that and band it in place, so that they can apply
the strapping to it, and then eventually secure that, and then that's what's actually
gonna hold the pressure. But in the meantime, they're not just gonna
hold that on their hands 'cause depending on what your depth is, that could be too much force
for one person to hold. It's gonna be about a two person job. They've got their personal
protective equipment on, and the gloves they don't cut theirself on the metal of straps. They apply the patch to the pipe, kind of off from where the leak is, so the leak is still gonna be going on. Imagine like straight out this way. - Yep. - But this is gonna be off-center, so that you can get the
chain wrench on there, so that when you roll it
over where the leak is, it doesn't fly off and
hit you in the face. So now that he's holding that, he's got the chain wrench on there, he's going to apply the strapping, and that's what's gonna hold
the pressure on the pipe. So they do it on one side, they'll dog it down, is what it's called, with our bandit tool, which is what he has there. So they'll apply that to wind that up, and that will create
tension on the bandit. - Oh, got it, I see it now. - Yep, so as he winds that up, that'll apply the tension. And then once you start to see a crease along the edge of here on the strapping, that's when you know it's actually taken the pressure off of the leak, and it's applying it to the strong back. - So the blue is called the strong back? - Yep, yep. - And what's the gasket material called? - It's just a gasket. - Got it. - The rubber... - Got it. So that's the band. So this is a permanent band? Or, well, it's not a permanent fix, but it's pretty close to it. - This would be as close as we can get without doing some sort of weld repair or pulling into port and getting an IMA to come down here and fix the pipe for us. So in the meantime, this would allow us to like casualty restore system. If it was something that we
needed to operate the ship, we could do that by applying
this emergency patch and that would stop the flooding. - So you're at sea, at depth, you spring a leak, this is what you do. - Yep. - So are you maintenance, or what's your, - Me?
- What's your title? Yeah. - So I am a machinist mate, so I'm a mechanic, but I just worked back in the engine room. But damage control is just an important part for everyone to do. - So you have, you said machinist, so do you guys have a mill
and a lathe on the ship? - We do. - Really, can you show me that? - I can't unfortunately. - Oh, you can't? - It's back in the engine room. - Ah, everything's in the engine room. - Everything cool is in the engine room. - Oh, man. - Every person on board has to be able to stop flooding, put fires
out, respond to casualty. So if you see a guy with
their submarine dolphins on, that means that they have
proven that they know that. So far, you've seen a
nuclear machinists mate, a non-nuclear machinist mate, in a second you'll see a cook
come out and fight a fire, electricians down in the torpedo room, you have torpedo room,
you have sonar tech. So no matter what your
job is in a submarine, you have to know how to fight a casualty. And the two big ones for
us are fire and flooding. - Really? - So that's what's unique
about serving as a... Other communities have special guys that that's their whole job,
is to do damage control. But everyone here does, from
the cook to the captain, knows how to stop a casualty.
- That's awesome. That's a big deal. So this is it, huh? - So that's it.
- That's it. Done deal. - So she's sealed up, huh? - Yep, so in a matter
of, three, four minutes, we're now able to ascend
about 2000 pounds of pressure with just this temporary
patch that we have. - That'll handle 2000 TSI? - Yes.
- Yes. - Wow. - And with each, or with
every additional band, that's an extra thousand,
if it's applied properly. - Really? - Yes. - Wow. So, man that's legit. It's a little bit harder when
it's spraying on you though, I'm assuming.
- Oh yeah, that definitely is. - You guys ever done it? - We do a trainer every now and again, up at the upper basin, you
know, sub school portion, and they actually have
things spraying on you. You gotta run around, try and get it before water gets too high. - Oh really?
- Yeah. - So water's coming in on you. - Oh yeah. - It'll fill up like a
swimming pool, so they, they'll pump thousands of gallons a minute through this big rupture in a pipe, and you gotta get in there, and you're wading waist deep, hands cold, you got
all the tools you need, you're trying to apply
this emergency patch. But we send as many
people as we can to that, and it's pretty awesome training. - Oh yeah, 'cause like, just
because the water's coming up, that means you just got
to work faster, right? - Yeah, if you do it in the winter time, the water is significantly colder so, - Really? - Extra motivation to get the pipe wrench on there quickly. - Wow, that's amazing. - Captain's about to simulate a fire, and we're going to, you're
going to put it out? - I'm not putting it out. So here, we're testing the
rapid responders on the ship. So we, our metric is a minute. We want a minute, we want guys in here, extinguishing agent on the fire, because within about two minutes, if there's a fire about the size of a, of a trash bag, it would make the forward compartment, control room fill with smoke
and won't be able to see. So we practice all the time to quickly secure the power to put the fire out, and then watch standers... And again, like I said before, you'll see nuke electricians,
you'll see a cook, you'll see nuke mechanics,
or you'll see sonar techs. They all come rapidly respond, and senior chief's gonna talk you through that whole sequence of events. But it's gonna be right there. - Do they know it's coming? - Oh no, we do it all the time, surprise. - Okay, cool, sweet. - This time yes, but normally
we do it all the time, as like a surprise. - Yeah, sweet. - So he'll walk you through this- - So are you about to start a
fire by plugging in something? - When I get the word. (laughs) - Again, the name of the game is we can't really light off a fire onboard, so we have to simulate everything we do and clue people in with just something visual
or something audible. So we use a small bicycle light here, that'll simulate that there's a fire in this electrical component, so somebody should call that away. And then if it was to spread,
say to the surrounding area, this is all lagged so that's
all flammable material, we would plug these rope lights in, and it would spread to the
surrounding area, right? And then from there it would
go either in the outboards and up where it would go just straight up if it's in an open space, right? So you always man the scene, as well as the vertical spread so that you can attack that
if it was to light off. So what I'll do right now is I'll light off this electrical fire and then our Galley Watch
Captain will call that away, in this space. - Code red, Code red. Code red, code red. Code red on forward compartment. Red for panel P15. - And so what he's just done is he's- - Code red in forward compartment. Code red in forward compartment middle level. Slash Charlie Code red... - So are you judging them right now? - Always. - Always. (laughs) Always judging. (man yelling) - Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey... - And so what he's done
now is he's called away, the Chief of Watch knows. So everybody now knows
where it's powered from, and they can secure power. We want that done within
the first 3-0 seconds, - I relieve you! - So that we can hopefully
put out that fire because it's (indistinct). (man shouts) So we've gotten our initial responders, he's come through, he's starting to fighting
the fire with the CO2, he's now been relieved by
the watch standers back aft. They brought portable
extinguishers with them. They've secured power, - Code red, power secured
to power panel P15. - All right, so (indistinct)
just secured power, and so now he's here to don
his breathing protection like we showed you earlier, and he's gonna relieve the unprotected person
that's fighting the fire. And you'll see right behind you, that CS1 just showed up
with a fire hose, so that's- - I got the fire hose, I relieve you. - You relieve me, aye. - Pressurize the hose. - Pressurize the hose. - All right, so now we've
got to sustain firefighting- (man yelling) So we've now, we've testing our agent, we now have a continuous
application with the fire hose, and that's something that we can sustain. Extinguishers lasts for about 45 seconds, but now that we have a fire hose, our EAB watch stander is going to relieve the hose man who's not
protected again from that smoke. And now we have a semi-sustained
firefighting effort. He'll continue to burst
until he's relieved by off-going watch standers or so, we always have somebody on watch. We always have somebody driving
the ship, operating sonar, back aft operating the engine room. And so those are initial
responders that we want to show up. They're gonna be awake, they don't have any other duties. So they are fighting the
fire until the off-going guys are dressing out in
full firefighting suits, like you would see show up at your house if your house is on fire. - Oh wow. - So in a minute or two, you're gonna see watch standers
just come from back aft, and that'll be a team of three personnel. It'll be leader with a
firefighting thermal imager. It's got a NFTI. He's gonna be your eyes and ears. And then you'll have a
hoseman and a nozzleman that are dressed out. And that's your fully sustained
firefighting response. Our metric for that is six minutes, so we assume that, if we apply agent within
that first minute, like the captain was talking about, and secure power, then the fire should go out. If not, we've got our now
sustained firefighting responders. (men shouting) So now they are relieved by FFP team. So we've got our hoseman, our nozzleman, and then Chief Beinholtz
is our NFTI operator, so he's the eyes and ears. And this entire compartment
is now filled with smoke, so they can't see. He's the only one that can see. So what we'll do is we'll
use a flashlight to simulate where the fire is, and
he'll use hand signals because this hose is
spraying, it's super loud. There's no way he's gonna be
able to hear or see the fire. So he's now tapping to show him where to direct the flow of the nozzle, so that we can put out the fire. (men shouting) - So it's nonverbal communication? - It's non verbal communication, right. And so we test that to make sure that everybody knows what those signals are, and that they can anticipate what that is. (men shouting) And now you hear the
report that the fire's out, so they would inform the
phone talker like he just did, and then control now knows, and now we can commence
the rest of the response. So things we have to think about now are, I need to overhaul the fire and make sure there's
no embers or anything that are gonna cause it to re-flash. I also need to get the smoke
out of this compartment, so the man in charge would
be the guy with the NFTI. He's gonna inform control that, "Hey, we need to ventilate, so we can get all that
smoke off the ship." (indistinct) - I said, that's awesome. That's a wow. So this is, this is a self contained
breathing apparatus? - Correct. Those bottles are rated for 45 minutes. - Are they flowing right now? - Yes, that's the air that they're using, forced air to isolate
them from the ship's air. - And so he's looking
through the mask here. - Correct. So it's just a thermal imagery, he can even show you the screen. You want to show him the screen? - Secure from Code red, fire main secure. - All right, so he's-
- Oh, wow. It's a really good image. - Yep, so what we'll do there is, there's multiple modes,
and what we'll do is, when we're testing this during drill days, we'll heat up like a small bottle of water and we'll hide it, say up in the overhead, so we can make sure that guys are actually doing a thorough search. And once they find that, if
they were to find a hotspot, they'd call that away. They would simulate
cooling it with the hose, and then they would go on about their day. - So they got those, where where they located normally, when they have to go get this gear on? I mean this is- - So we have gear staged up forward, and we also have some staged back aft, so that if the fire was to go back aft, we have some gear on
forward that we can grab. If it's a forward and then we
have some in the engine room, we can put that on. - Is it always the same person
that operates this device? - So based on the watch wheel, yes. It's always the off-going, this watch station will man the NFTI, this watch station will be
the hoseman and the nozzleman. - Awesome, thank you very much. - Yep. - I appreciate it. - You guys are good. - Thanks, guys. So was that actually pressurized? - Yes. - Yeah, so can I feel that? Good grief. That's amazing. How'd they do? - They did great. - They did good? They did great? Yeah.
- Always. - Yeah, so what's your measure of success? - For this, it's if they get
the power secured right away, and then if the initial
responders get there in about 30 seconds, and then like senior chief said, if the full hose team
was there at six minutes. But the big thing that
we test with this is securing the power right away and getting that initial
extinguisher on the fire. Like I said, in a submarine
you only have a minute or two before it quickly fills with
smoke and it's uninhabitable. - So it's... So fire is the biggest deal, and so that's why you guys
drill like this all the time? - All the time. - Okay, that's awesome. - Usually once a watch,
we'll run one of these. We call them code reds- - What is a watch? Forgive me for not knowing that. - We split the day into
three eight-hour watches. So an entire watch team of
sonar, guys driving the ship, guys running the engine
room, officer of the deck. There's all these watch
standers, they stand the, they're the ones driving the
ship and running the show. They do it for eight hours, and then a whole other team
comes up and relieves them, and they do it for eight hours, then a whole other team comes
relieves them for eight hours. So like senior said,
and the guys on watch, with fires, have certain responsibilities. So, if you're the
broadband sonar operator, you leave sonar and run and fight a fire. If you're the auxiliary (indistinct) aft, which means you're in charge
of all the electronics, in the engine room there's a fire, you leave your watch station
and go fight the fire. And then if you're the off-going guy, like you just got off watch in the last eight hours, like these guys, then you have certain responsibilities. If you're the off-going
engineering watch supervisor, like Chief Beinholtz, if he's asleep and he hears fire, he wakes up and he puts
that on and fights the fire. - Wow, that's intense. It's a big deal, thanks
for showing me that. So to summarize, so the first thing is, first thing is get to the
fire and get the first, the first fire extinguisher on it. - Yep, calling it away
accurately so the control knows and that everybody else
can respond to that. If you were to, if somebody's tripping over the words and they're too excited, then they could call it
away in the wrong component, or somebody responds to the wrong area, or they secure power to the wrong thing. - Got it, okay. And second thing is what? - Is applying that agent, so getting an agent on the fire and then getting a continuous
application of that agent. So your CO2 lasts for so long. Getting somebody else to show up and supplement you with an
additional extinguisher, and then don breathing protection. So that's what they'll do,
they'll drop off an extinguisher, you've still got one that's good, they don their breathing protection, and now they're good to go. - I saw everybody did this, they said, "I relieve you." - Yep. - What's the deal there? - So again, you think about
a smoke-filled compartment, you can't really simulate that very well in the drill environment, but we have to force them into
that muscle memory, right? So they're not going to
be able to see the fire, they just have to turn over
verbally where it's gonna be and what the status of that fire is, and then they will tap them
to note "I relieve you." And then the other guy knows
he's now good to leave, and the fire's not going
to be unattended and un... - Somebody owns that fire at all time. - Correct. - Got it. So when you say, "I relieve you," that's saying, "I now have
control of fighting this fire." - Correct. - Got it. That's legit, man. - Yep. - Thank you very much.
- Yep. - That was awesome. How long did it take you to get this on? - So typically, we're able
to get everything dressed out in about three to four minutes, especially if you're experienced, and we practice so much. So it's really key to get
dressed and back there on time, so that way, we can stay in the heat, where other people in
their regular uniform would get pushed back. - Really? And you just have the gear
ready to go at all times? - They're all staged in lockers. These are hanging up,
like senior chief said. But basically yep, we rip these off, and then all the guys back
aft help us dress out, because they know the importance of us getting back on time
to be able to put out- - All right. Can I just say that you're
very tall to be on a submarine? So how often do you hit your head? - All the time. (laughs) - Do you seriously? - Yeah. - Okay, I'm sorry man. - Yep, it happens. I'm not the tallest one, but it happens. - Yeah, that's great. Yeah, it was pretty intense
when you came in the room, it was like an overbearing
presence, it was good. Thanks man, appreciate it. Yep. - This episode of Smarter Every Day is sponsored by Raycon earbuds. They are these little Bluetooth earbuds that work seamlessly with your phone. You see the little magnets that just, pop them back in position? They're fantastic, you
charge this little pill up, and then the earbuds, you see those little contacts right there? They charge inside the little pill. So basically, you've got
six hours of playtime on these things and I
use them all the time. This particular model was
called the Everyday E25, and this sounds just as
good as other audio brands. My trick is match the BPM of the music to the stride when you run. Here we go. (rock music) That's what a 5K looks like with Raycons. There's a button on the outside. You can tap it to pause, you can also pull one out of your ear if you're passing old ladies with dogs and wanna say nice things. (laughs) If you wanna get some
Raycons and try them out, you can do that by going
to buyraycon.com/smarter. That gets you 15% off the order. You're gonna dig them. They're priced right. They put up with my sweat. I do good to finish a
5K, which I just did. I'm a 10 minute mile kind of guy. Yeah, you're gonna dig some Raycons. Big thanks to everyone
who supports the sponsors, buyraycon.com/smarter
for 15% off your order. Oh yeah, you can try
those things for 45 days, and if you don't like them,
you can just give them back. That's pretty cool of them. Anyway, a lot more cool
stuff on submarines coming. Please feel free to subscribe. That's what you call it when you click the button thing, right? I can't think, I'm tired. (chuckles) I'm Destin, getting Smarter Every Day, please enjoy the rest
of the submarine series that's coming up. Have a good one, bye. Oh, shower time. So earlier, I was making fun
of you 'cause you're tall. - Yep.
- How tall are yo? - 6'2", 6'3". - And you're 6'7"? - I am, yeah, 6'7". - And you did this on purpose? - Yeah. - Yeah? - Yeah. - You just-
- It's not too bad. - Yeah?
- Hit my head a little bit. - It's not that bad? - Forget about it, yeah. - (laughs) That's amazing, man. I thought in the Navy, if
you were short, then you... 