So this is the ZTE Axon 30! Not the ultra, not the Pro,  just the regular 30. And whilst this is the more
budget friendly of the three phones, it’s also the only one with
an under-display camera, and this is actually ZTE’s
second iteration of this technology. And after using this phone
for the past few weeks, I do want to unpack my thoughts
on this updated under-display tech. But I also just wanna comment on
the experience of using this phone as a regular phone. And so with that being
said, let’s jump in! Now, in terms of design, aside
from the under-display camera, which we’ll get to a little later on, the phone has a fairly
budget feeling to it. On the front we have
these somewhat modest but inconsistently sized bezels, that are kind of the norm
when it comes to this price tag, and then on the back is this
fairly cheap feeling, glossy plastic - it really doesn’t feel
amazing to hold in the hand, particularly when
you compare it to the much more premium
feeling Axon 30 Ultra, and whilst I totally understand
the decision to use plastic. I think going for a
matte finish would have been a much
better way to go. But then we have the display, and whilst it’s not quite
as bright or as fluid, as the one found
on the Axon 30 Ultra. The one on this phone
is still very impressive. 120Hz is always gonna
feel pretty great, but it’s the way ZTE
optimizes this display with all of their animations and so
forth that really helps it to feel,  buttery smooth. And whilst we’re talking
about the software I’ve gotta say, MyOS, which is the software
skin that ships with this phone is actually a pretty
great version of Android. Aside from all of those beautiful
animations that I mentioned and the fairly clean layout of
the quick settings and so forth, what makes this software so great
in my opinion... is that you can actually
use third party launchers and gestures at the same time, with very little impact to fluidity. That said, I do feel like this
phone has occasional issues with RAM management, as oftentimes, when you
try and load an application from the recent page that has
been killed in the background, it will for some reason take
a good 5 seconds to open it. It almost feels as though
the entire phone is frozen when this happens, but then
eventually it will enter the app and reload the entire thing. It’s not a huge issue, but it would be nice if ZTE could fix this. Another occasional issue I have experienced
from time to time perhaps every few days, is that the phone will just stop
being able to send text messages and will only restore functionality, after a reboot. Actually, it doesn’t stop
sending messages, it just thinks it can’t and will
continuously retry the process without success, and what that
means is that on the other end of the line, the person has received 30
of the same messages over and over. This happened to my wife
on a couple of occasions and so now, any time a message
takes longer than normal to send I just quickly reboot
the phone to avoid the other person getting a
stack of duplicate messages. ZTE if you’re watching this, you gotta fix this one ASAP! Touching on the cameras real quick, and given that this is the budget
phone in the Axon 30 line-up, unsurprisingly, this phone has the least
impressive camera specs. It’s got the usual four camera array
we see on most budget phones these days, a wide, an ultra wide and
then the all but useless depth and macro sensors. but I will say, the main
sensor on this phone actually captures
some pretty decent images. I quite like the way ZTE
processes it’s photos, and in fact, I reckon they’re one of the
best when it comes to how they process
portrait images. And whilst, it’s
nice that we have the option  of going
to that ultra wide lens if need be, the quality really is quite subpar.. in comparison to the main sensor. Now in terms of video,
hot take here but.. but I honestly think ZTE is one
of the best Android manufacturers when it comes to video processing. Seriously, in my experience, the videos ZTE phones
capture are up there with the Samsung
flagships of the world, and I honestly feel like
they even look a bit like the videos
captured on iPhones. I know, that’s a pretty hot take, so... take it for what it is,
but put simply I really like the videos
that this phone captures. Alright, let’s see what else battery life is pretty solid,
definitely a full day plus performer. And the fingerprint sensor is blazingly
fast, which has been really nice. Sadly, the haptics are awful, just like they were with the
more expensive Ultra variant, and the speakers are also not great. As expected, we also
don’t have wireless charging or an IP rating, but neither... did the Ultra or Pro
versions of this phone, so... No surprises there! And so then we come to
that Under Display camera a and I have to say, after
hearing about all of the pitfalls with the first version of this
technology on the Axon 20.. I’ve been somewhat pleasantly surprised  with version
2.0 on this phone Now, is it perfect? No! You can still see that
change in display quality in a lot of scenarios. But, does it stick out
like a sore thumb? Absolutely not, and in
terms of display interruption compared to a hole punch. I think I prefer this
under display technology! The big downside though is still
the quality of the selfie images. The phone has to do
quite a lot of processing to bring back clarity and contrast to
the selfie images, that it take and in even the slightest
of tricky scenarios images quickly turn to mush. That said, I do
think the quality is  passable for
video chats though I’ve had a number of video calls
with family members since I’ve been using this phone. and after all the
compression that most video chat apps put
on their videos anyway, It’s pretty hard to notice. I mean, it certainly
doesn’t look crisp or good, but it’s not distractingly bad. And so, the ultimate question is,
should you get this phone and I honestly don’t
really have a conclusive answer to that question. I think it probably most depends on how much this phone costs, where you live in the world. At the time of making this video, here in Australia, the Axon 30 costs a little more
than the OnePlus 8T and a little less
than the OnePlus 9. And for my money, it’s a no brainer! Go with either of those
phones instead of this one. But, if you live somewhere
in the world where this phone is
quite a bit cheaper than those OnePlus phones, and it’s instead competing
with the likes of Samsung’s Galaxy
A series for example, then this phone could
seriously be worth considering. But I probably won't get it regardless
if someone who takes lots of selfie images and videos. Either way, what I’ve probably learnt
most from using this phone is that, under display
technology is here to stay and as long as it keeps improving, it’s most certainly the
future for all phones. Let me know your
thoughts on this technology  down in
the comments below but aside from that, thank
you all very much for watching and I will catch you later! 