If you use a home screen launcher
that doesn't let you to hide or organise your
apps in the app drawer, then you'll have pretty good idea of how annoying it can be to sift through an app drawer
filled with a stack of apps to find one that perhaps
isn't on your home screen. Well, that's where
Gesture comes into play! Once installed, just swipe up
on your phone's home button and you'll be greeted
with a little white box. Then, simply draw a gesture,
that you've previously step up and boom,
the shortcut launches. And with that we are back and before we get cracking... A big thank you, to
today's sponsor Omaze. Visit omaze.com/sambeckman
to enter for a chance of winning $20,000
to level up your home PC. Hold on... What??? Okay! We'll chat more
about Omaze, a little later on but without further ado... Let's get started! CountThings is an automation app
with an incredible concept and the execution is nearly just as
impressive as well. So, instead of having to count big quantities of various objects, CountThings uses your camera
to count them for you. The app has a heap of
pre-built templates that it's designed to be able
to count automatically, like lines on a notebook coins, building supplies
plus a bunch more. And it honestly works pretty well! Motions is not technically
an application in and of itself. It's actually a wallpaper
pack by fellow YouTuber, Shevon Salmon! But when he launched these
over on twitter a little while ago, I was like... These have gotta to be mentioned,
in my next Top Apps video. So the pack comes with 10, wavy fruit themed backdrops each with their own
unique colourway. No either paint design means, they'll work with just about
any home screen setup. And if I don't... Well, just rotate them in your
photo editing app of choice and there you go! Shevon has done
an incredible job of putting together
this wallpaper pack. So it's definitely, worth a shout! Hey! Did you know that, every month I giveaway
promo codes to paid versions of these apps over on
my Instagram stories?? No, well, now you do! And I've got a stack for
these month's apps as well. So stay tuned to the end of
the video to find out which apps will be a part of the giveaway. And make sure that
you follow me on Instagram! Now last month, I
featured a slightly different Android 12
inspired widget pack called Material You. But then this month,
I stumbled upon the Android 12 Widget Pack for KWGT! which I think ups
the ante even further. So at the time
of making this video, the widget pack has an
impressive list of 96 widgets. And it's being updated
all the time to include more! But what is really impressive is that the widgets are actually programmed to change
their colour palettes based on your
chosen wallpaper. So, literally what
Google is doing with Material You on Android 12. It works nearly flawlessly and it honestly makes for a super
seamless customizing experience. Alright Momento is a fairly
run of the mill podcasting application but has one really unique trick
up its sleeves: Audio transcriptions! So, aside from
being able to use it as just your average
podcasting app, you also get these
four different buttons that let you transcribe and categorize sections
of the podcast you are listening to. By default, the app will
transcribe the previous 10 seconds from whenever you've
tap the button. But you can also increase this
duration to upto 45 seconds. And whilst the transcription is
never flawless in my experience it definitely gets
pretty close. Now before we press on, just wanted to take a quick
moment to thank Omaze and if you haven't heard
of them before, well, they are constantly giving away one of a kind prizes
and experiences, all whilst donating money to
chosen charities across the world. This month, they are donating
to the charity "School on Wheels," which is an organization that works
for students from kindergarten all the way through
to twelfth grade who might be experiencing
homelessness. Whether that be by
living in shelters, or vehicles, group foster homes or even on
the streets of Southern California. School on Wheels provide these
students with free tutoring and mentoring. And over the past 28 years, they have served more than
50,000 students, which is incredible! If you click on the first link
down in the description below, there you will find
a giveaway. Donate $10 and you are entered
for the chance to win $20,000 dollars to build
your perfect PC! Whether that be a
gaming, graphic design or just working from home. If you win, you can either buy
a completely new pre-built PC rig or build your own from
the ground up and even then, you'll have
more than enough money left over to treat yourself to
top-of-the-line monitors headsets, graphics cards, gaming chairs, plus really,
whatever your heart so desires! I mean, what'd you spend
the $20,000 dollars on? So, leave slow loading speeds
and grainy graphics behind and enter for a chance to
win the best PC gear money can buy, whilst also supporting
an amazing charity by visiting omaze.com/sambeckman You ever find yourself
setting up a new.. profile on a social media
website for example, and then, when it comes to
loading in your profile picture, you realise, it's actually
stored on another device? Well, Clipt is a clipboard
syncing application that allows you to seamlessly
communicate between any and every device
you might own. Once installed and setup,
you can then copy text, transfer images or really,
any sort of file and it will instantly appear
on all of your other connected devices for easy access.
Simple as that! Okay, at first, Blank Widget
might seem like a pointless application
for Android phones, but, hear me out. So, most system launchers
don't let you create empty homescreen pages.
And so, if you are ever wanting to look at the beautiful wallpaper
you have set without being obscured by
widgets or icons.. Well, you can't. And so, that's primarily what
Blank Widget has been designed for. You drag the blank widget
onto your homescreen to create a new page
and there's your blank homescreen. Now as a bonus, this app is also really helpful
if you are wanting to use KLWP with a launcher that again, doesn't allow you
to create blank pages and for the KLWP regulars out there, you know that this is often
essential when using a KLWP wallpaper. So there you go! Now, Large Text is another
application with a very simple functionality. But to be honest, I think
it could be very useful depending on the situation. So with the app open, you type in
any text that you so desire, hit play, and then, it will be
presented in this enlarged view. That means if you
are in an environment where it's really hard
to hear, like a club or music venue for example, this app will let you communicate
without yelling into the eardrum. Speedsound is a super unique
voice based speedometer. If you are someone who would find
value out of being able to hear how fast
you are traveling, so let's say, you are
a downhill skateboarder or a horse rider or perhaps
even an e-board rider where the speed limit
is actually enforced, this app will audibly tell you
how fast you are going. That means, you can
keep your eyes off your phone whilst still having an idea
of the speed you are traveling at. There are a few configurations to
play with in the settings as well including setting a max speed limit at which point an alarm
will sound. But it's a really cool app that
will no doubt prove very useful for a select number if
you watching! And so finally we have Tusk,
a habit and time manager application with a really neat UI. The idea is that
you setup tasks, and from there you can build out entire schedules
with reminder notifications and then keep a track of your
completion rate on the app's home page. What's really neat is that you
can customize the scheduling of your tasks to
your heart's content. Whether that be by setting
something to occur every third day, or just a few days per month. And of course, along with the
notifications and execution logs, you'll be able to stay
on top of it, really easily. As I said, the app also has
a fantastic design and look to it. So along with it's really
useful functionality, this is a pretty powerful
productivity application. And that's it!
Now, as I mentioned, you've got promo codes available
for a bunch of the apps featured in today's episode. So huge shout out
to the developers behind the apps
on screen right now. They've all agreed to give me
a stack of promo codes to the paid versions of their apps and like last month, I will also be giving these
away on my Instagram stories, so make sure you're following me
over there to have the best chance of claiming
one or more of the many codes on offer. A big thank you to omaze
for supporting the channel. Don't forget to check out
omaze.com/sambeckman to enter for a chance of winning
$20,000 dollars to level-up your home PC. Aside from that,
hopefully you enjoyed the video Thank you all very much
for watching and I will catch you later! 