[Sam Beckman] -Today is the day. It's finally time to unpack
the YouTube studio renovation. [background music] So, we bought a house. Actually we bought it
a few years ago now and since then we were just treating it
as an investment property renting it out while we were living in Sydney. But we decide to do the place up and move in and of course, I wanted to document the process, so in this pretty unique series
for my channel at least, I'm unpacking each step of the renovation process and talking about how we saved
a heck of a lot of cash along the way, as well as some of the mistakes we made
that hopefully you can avoid in your own renovations. Today's episode is all about
this grimy garage out the back. We'll look at how we transformed it
into a YouTube studio space for me to work in full time and how we managed to do so,
pretty much just over a three day period. [bird singing in the background] [background music] Now I've been teasing
this particular renew on my channel for quite some time
but for this particular transformation, we're breaking it into a couple of different parts. Today's episode is all about the renew itself but because there's so much to fit in, we'll probably do another episode  where I talk about some of the
big issues that I encountered after the fact  and then we'll of course do another episode that will incorporate a full rundown
of how we've set up the space inside. So that it can operate effectively
as a full time video production studio. So that being said, let's take a look
at what this space looks like at the start. And it doesn't take a long to realize  how much of an eyesore
this carport slash garage was. It looked horrible on the outside but then on the inside,
it was pretty sad story as well. Cracked concrete, permanently filthy brickwork exposed roofing  and just a pretty poor construction quality overall. Even if i didn't do YouTube full time, there's just no way that this space
could stay the way that it was. So here was the plan. We were gonna knock out this middle wall to open up the space completely, but because that wall was structural  we'd need to put in two LVL beams
to hold the roof up. From there we'd build new framing around
the entire existing brickwork, which would then allow us to bring in a plasterer to set and send new walls
and a new roof for the entire space. On the outside we use the existing space where
this old wooden window slash half door was  to create a space for the new entryway door and then we'd also installed two new windows
in the space where the current entryways were. We then covered the entire thing
with monument cladding  to hide all of the brick work
and make it look much more modern. To finish off, we'd add a new entryway deck
and awning at the front and as for the existing
driveway and washing line, well they'd be demoed and removed with new grass laid
to reclaim this area of the backyard for the kids. Now I was lucky enough to have
both of my brothers, come up to work on this renew with me and my father-in-law
was also in for the ride but the deal was because we'd all left our families
at home a few hours drive away, we could only allow
for three days of work. How much could we get done in that time? Well, let's find out. Okay so day one was here
and we were up early and ready to go. First thing that needed to be done
was the demo work. So that external door was removed
to create the space for the new door and once some temporary
support posts were installed inside. My father-in-law and I worked away at demoing
that wall down in the middle of the carpool. My brothers the started working away at measuring,
cutting and then installing the new framework inside. One of my brothers actually owns
his own construction company, so it's all very professional and I'll leave a link bellow
to where you can check out hi socials if that's something that you're interested in. But while they were
working away on the framework  there was a little more
demo work that needed doing but then for the most part
the rest of day one  was devoted to finishing off
the internal framework. We actually didn't quite finish it on day one but we did manage to get those
lvl support beams installed, which was pretty solid going. All right day two was here and we knew we had
our work cut out for us. Whilst we were all working on
finishing the internal framework, which included
the new roofing battens as well, my electrician come around  and started digging a trench to run power
from the house to the new studio. And once the inside
framework was complete, we were able to then move
on the exterior framework. In some ways,
it can actually be a much trickier job  to build around something
that already exists. Particularly if it's in as bad condition
as this carport was. It just means you have to be overly diligent
with your measurements, because you're working around a structure  that is perhaps uneven
or that has some weird angles  and these are things that were very true
for this particular carport. So whilst  that was taking place, my father-in-law got to work with cutting  and installing all of the new wall
and roof insulation inside, which is a super important part of the process  and it was at this point in time that we wondered  whether we'd have some troubles
with water seeping in through the concrete floor. So we covered it in couple of coats
of this damp stop waterproofing solution, just to be safe. If I knew what was about to happen
about a month later... But I digress,
we'll cover that in a later episode. Now by the end of the day two, we were tired and
running on fumes  but the entire framework was done and was ready to start being covered
in that monument clutter. So day three was upon us. The last day for all of us, so we knew we hat to work
as fast as possible. We were straight off to work with installing
the new flashing on the exterior framework and once that was taking place our skip bin finally arrived and
my father-in-law was the man of the hour and was somehow able to fit all of this bricks
that we demoed on day one into a very tight space
for collection later on. Should we have had
the skip in there on day one? Yes. Is it a lesson learned for next time? Also yes. But from there we started
the process of installing the sarking,  which is this membrane material that adds just another layer
of weather protection and insulation to a space. And then we could go about
cutting the color bond  and then mounting it to the framework. This was a fairly lengthy process
of rinse and repeat. Sucking, cutting and mounting. The new windows were also
installed during this entire process but slowly and surely you could definitely see things
coming together. Now whilst all this was going on I was trying to get on the phone with my plaster  who was meant to be there that day working and sending the new walls
and roof for the interior of the space, but he was a no-show. Even so there was still a lot of work to get done so I knew I'd have to solve
this issue once back in Sydney. The electrician had come and wired everything up inside
ready to complete the install and somehow someway by the end of the day,
we had gotten a large majority of the work done. Structurally everything was good to go  but there were a few jobs left to complete, which I'd have to manage remotely
whilst I was back in Sydney.  This included the installation of the new door and the new skirting boards as well plus a few others components. But luckily I had some other workers on site already  who I had arranged to complete
some other work around the house  and so I was able to get them
to complete the work without much fuss. Somehow I also found a plasterer  who was able to get there within the week
to complete all of the gyproc work inside and so once that was completed, I took a second trip up
with my very generous father-in-law  and across a two-day period we painted the entire inside of the space just before the carpet was installed. I ended up going with Dulux white on white, which has a slightly cooler palette to it. I'd say compared to their other whites and we just painted the roof
and walls the same colour, which I think is the way to go these days. So we did a primer and two top coats and compared to the four coats  plus primer that we had to do
for the kitchen cabinetry, this felt much more productive . It's again the process of someone cutting in
and someone else doing the rolling, but with the fact that we were
doing everything the same color  plus the fact that the carpet was yet to be laid  it meant we could be slightly more efficient than
if we had been painting a pre-existing space. We did decide to leave these
lvl beams exposed though for a more  industrial look and this meant that there was
some careful cutting in that we had to do. Now the last job to finish off this studio nicely was the entryway. Up until just recently actually there was nothing there and it definitely needed some
sort of finishing off. But because this was well
and truly after the initial renew I of course had to enlist
the help of a local carpenter , but he worked away very efficiently
over a three day period  digging out the grass,
installing the joists and framing  and then cutting and installing
the new merbau decking. Whilst he was doing that, I actually went online and found these really
awesome and affordable awning brackets. They only cost 90 bucks a pop
and they were shipped within a week. After staining them
with some spotted gum stain my carpenter got them installed and then not too long later he came back
to install the mini or cladding and the flashing on top
to complete the yawn. So I bet you're ready to see
the finish product right? Well, here it is before we started the renew  and now here it is completed. [background music] As you can see I also got the carpenter
who was working on the studio decking to install a couple of a extra bits
of merbau below the windows, which allowed me to in turn install
some planter boxes and I think this just helps to tie
the space up nicely and provide a little bit of continuity
with that merbau decking. I know you want to see inside  but there is still just so much left to unpack and I simply cannot fit it
into this one episode. So in the next episode, I'm planning to unpack the issues that I faced
after moving into this space. And how I went from being
a person who loved rain to being a person that feared rain. And shortly after we'll also unpack
all of the work that we've done to make  the inside of this space a fully
functioning video production work house. I've still also got to show you
what we're working on for the back deck  and the front facade of the house, all of which will be
detailed in future episodes. So if you're not already,
hit that subscribe button  and that little notification bell,
so you don't miss out when I release future episodes
of this series. But aside form that, Thank you all very much for watching and I will catch you later. [background music] 