So it's been a hot minute,
since we had an update in the smart glasses world and in fact, I've personally
never tried a pair. A few years ago, a bunch of companies were
throwing their hats into the ring but they just never really took off. And so, enter TCL! They have just released their
NXTWEAR G Smart Glasses. and were kind enough
to send me a pair along with their new TCL 20
pro 5G Smartphone, to unbox and test on the channel. Now, because they are sponsoring this video what you're about to
watch will not be review. It will just be an unboxing
and showcase of their product. But with that said, let's get unboxing! Okay, so as far as unboxings go, it's a pretty sleek, yet
minimal experience. A matte black box
opened via a magnetised lid, and then inside we have this TCL branded hard
shell carry case. Once you've unzipped that, inside you'll find the glassses, along with attached cable
which is thankfully USB-C. Now I actually missed this next part,
whwn I opened the case. But there's also this
hidden compartment in the top section
of the carry case which houses a cleaning
cloth for keeping the glasses clean. And then also this custom fit lens adaptor, if you happen to wear
prescription glasses. There's also some spare nose
bridges in here, which you can swap out to fit your nose a bit better. Now, the first impressions
of the glasses are, "okay... very interesting!" But let's put them aside for
one moment though and quickly run through the phone. So, it's actually a special edition
TCL 20 Pro 5G that's been designed to work perfectly, with the NXTWEAR
G Smart Glasses. It's got a pretty sleek design! There's no camera bump. It features a curve AMOLED
screen with a centre-hole punch, it's also got an in-display
fingerprint sensor, which is very nice. And the camera has
optical image stabalization which should help out
for low light photography. So firing it up
and I first thing, I noticed was this Smart Glasses
app on the home screen, and when you launch
into that, it instructs you to connect up to the glasses which I did. Then once you do that, you'll get two options here for the type of content
you want to view. A PC mode which is kinda  like
the Samsung DEX service where you get an entirely different UI, more like a Windows machine. And in this mode,
you use the phone as a touchpad. You can also hook up a
Bluetooth keyboard and a mouse to really make this
feel like a full-on PC experience, for
maximum productivity. And in this mode, the glasses transform into a
monitor of sorts. In addition to PC mode, you also get a mirrror mode, which does exactly
what the name suggests, you see whatever is
on your phone’s display mirrored on the glasses. And so, after a bit of
playing around with the phone and the NXTWEAR glasses. I’ve gotta say, they are surprisingly
satisfying to view content on. The glasses make for a much
more immersive viewing experience compared to just watching
something on the phone. And they do offer
a great balance of private and peripheral vision so, it’s kind of like watching
a big TV in that way. They house two full
HD micro OLED displays from Sony with a 16 by 9 aspect ratio. and the glasses have actually been
designed to give you a display perspective of 140 inches, which is huge! Really like a massive cinema screen,  which is why
it feels so immersive. There’s also built in speakers
right near where your ears are, so no need to connect up
bluetooth earphones or anything. Although keep in mind, they do
emit a decent level of sound, so hooking up some
earphones actually might be a solid
option if anyone else is in the near vicinity. Now, one other thing worth
mentioning is that you can’t actually see the real world through the glasses. Even without content
on the screen, and that’s because they are not designed to be an AR headset. They’re essentially a second
screen for your smartphone or laptop. With that said, they are open fit,
which means you can look forward
to view your content but then you can
simply look up or down to see what’s
happening around you. For me, I think a real exciting
use case of these glasses is.. travel related, particularly when
 international travel becomes a thing again and
we’re doing some long haul flights. Or even if I’m going on a
long car trip with the family, kids are sleeping in the back, the wife is having
her turn at driving, having a pair of these glasses will
come in very handy for consuming content. But even just being at home; the fact that I can wear these NXTWEAR glasses to watch my own big screen content, but also sit right next to my wife who’s watching her own
thing on the home TV. I reckon that’s A+! Beyond all that, the glasses are actually compatible with over 100 different
devices believe it or not, and they do work with both
Samsung DEX or EMUI Desktop which is pretty neat. And thanks to the
glasses peripheral vision, if you’re using a
physical keyboard or mouse in combination
with the glasses... You can still see them! Which really does mean you could get away with using
the glasses as a full desktop replacement, depending on the style
of work you’re completing. So really, there are loads of
ways you can use the glasses, but aside from that, that’s it for this
unboxing and brief overview of the NXTWEAR G Smart Glasses from TCL. And let me know down in the
comments below, what you would use these
glasses for if you owned a pair? Thanks again to TCL for
supporting the channel, if you want to learn
more about these glasses or the TCL 20 Pro 5G. Then I’ll leave relevant links
down in the description below and in fact, the glasses
are now officially available here in Australia. So, if you live
in Australia, you can actually be the
first to experience the Nxtwear G Smart Glasses. SO I’ll also leave relevant
Australian links below as well. But that’s it,
hopefully you enjoyed the video and I will catch you later. 