Today, we’re making a wall... Okay, so in today’s
episode, as promised, we’re diving into how we went about.. making this matte
black wall behind me,  which I briefly mentioned in
my recent YouTube Studio Tour video. Now, you’ve of course already
seen the finished product, but I want to go back
in time and explain how we got here. Okay, so behind me
is the current state of the storage solution. And whilst it's fantastic having
all of these extra space with which to store things that we otherwise
wouldn't have had. At the end of the day
when you walk through this studio front door, the first thing that you see are those shelves. And if I'm being
completely honest, it's a bit of an eyesore and so I just actually
received a delivery, from a local
hardware store of this V-Groove panels. And what we're gonna
do over the next day or two is not only
paint them matte black but also install them,
on this shelving system so that, it acts as a fake wall. So what we've
done is we've actually bought  enough of
this shelving systems.. to nearly come
right to the length of that front
beam in our studio. If you wanna watch,
more about having installed those
beams and what not... I will leave a link to episode 3 of the renovating
our house series up in the cards and
down in the notes below. But the idea being that with
that V-Groove paneling installed it's not only gonna wrap around you know on that front side but also.. on this side
as well, which means that you know, as you walk
in through that front door... You're not even
gonna see any shelving at all. So it's gonna look like a nice wall! Uhh..but then, as you come around you'll able to walk down,
get your gear and what not. And it's gonna
be a really, really effective, temporary
storage solution. Now, it's also really cool is that we're not just gonna go up to
the top of this shelving system uh, with these fake walls. Because as you can see, we've got boxes
on top of there and so that still not gonna look
that great if that's all we did. We've actually
brought enough length to go right up to the roof and on top of that we're also going to put in some cornices, and some skirting boards 
at the bottom  to really
help sell the fact that this is a complete wall. Now, why don't we just
put up a real wall and.. put in a permanent storage
solution and call it a day? Well for one, it's too
expensive but secondly the idea with our
storage solution is we wanted to make
sure it was temporary. If we ever end up
selling our house and therefore,
this studio with it, I think, one of the key selling
points to this space is that before I moved all
of my equipment in, it's just a blank canvas! So, prospective
buyers could walk in and really let their
imagination run wild and think maybe I could turn this into a
teenagers retreat or... A home office or
even a granny flat, whatever they come up with they can do it because
it's a blank canvas. If we go ahead
and start putting in permanent walls
and storage solutions then that's gonna limit,
what I can do with this space. And therefore,
may be put them off from even buying our house so... We wanted to keep that in mind, given that we might wanna sell and buy somewhere
else in the future. And so keeping this
storage solution temporary, was one of our top priorities. Alright enough of ‘past Sam’,  let’s get to building this wall. So, as I mentioned in
my last Studio Tour video, we had a friend of ours “Keith” who was
not only the one who envisioned his whole fake wall idea, but... He was super gracious enough,
to come up for an entire weekened and essentially
build the whole thing for us. For the most part, I was his glorified
assistant, but this did mean I was able
to get the camera out and film most of the
process for you. So.. without further ado, let’s begin. So after all the supplies
were purchased, the first thing we needed to
do was cut and install these timber framing panels. So that they could be
installed both on the roof and on the storage units as well. This was because the V-Groove panels needed something 
to attach onto, and as I mentioned, because I wanted the panels
to go right to the roof, not just to the top of the storage units, we needed something mounted into the roof for the
panels to secure to. Luckily there were some roofing studs  in pretty much
the perfect position, making this process a lot easier. Once that was done, we actually used some nuts and bolts  to attach the
storage units together, to ensure maximum rigidity. Then, it was all about cutting
the V-Groove panels to size, so that they would fit perfectly. Now because this studio roof is slanted, this was a little
trickier than it might have otherwise
been, and so this process was
essentially a rinse and repeat of measuring,
cutting, cutting again and so forth until
we got these panels to fit essentially like a glove. One key aspect that
gave us a little bit of wiggle room though, was that as I mentioned, we
had planned to install these timer edging
and cover panels to act as basically
fake cornices and skirtings. Not only did this
result in a much more  polished look at the end, but it also helped
to cover up any mis-aligned cuts in
the V-Groove panels. Now the only real tricky part here, was the cutting of
the far panel that butted up against
the back studio wall because that had to line-up with the pre-existing
cornice piece there, which was rounded, and this
wasn’t going to have any trimming covering it up after the fact, but... Keith was right
on top of this and with a bit of fiddling
with the jigsaw, he got this cut beautifully. And so, once everything
was cut to size, we brought it all in and put
it in place for one final check, and with that out of the way, we then took them
back off for painting. And this is where I came in! I actually picked up this
matte black interior wall paint by a brand called British Paints. And I got 4L for
the entire job, which included each of the
cut v-groove panels as well as all of the
trim and skirting too. Now, I did all of this
painting at night, so apologies for some of the footage captured in
less optimal lighting conditions here. but I will say, after doing
a number of paint jobs for previous parts of the house reno. I’d learnt some lessons, along the way, that I put
into place this time around. Firstly, after having to throw out
countless paint trays in the past, this time I actually covered
the tray with a bin liner, which made clean-up at
the end SO much quicker. I learnt this trick
and a few others from Becki and Chris’s
painting tutorial video, which was super
helpful, I’ll link up below,  in case you
wanna check it out. but then I also
wore gloves where possible  throughout
the entire painting process, which helped to minimize
any accidental incidents of paint getting on different parts of my studio. From there, I started by painting
in the grooves of each panel, to make sure they got enough
coverage, and this took far longer than expected for some reason, but then from there I painted
the skirting and trim pieces, and finally I rolled paint
onto the panels themselves. Now, because I was being fairly careful to
make sure my paint was clean and precise. It actually took me
three coats on this one night, 
over the course of about 6 hours. But the next day, with each
panel dried and ready to go, we brought them in and placed
them in position on the storage units. Keith then secured the panels
using a combination of nails into the frames on the storage units and screws into the
framing attached to the roof. Once complete, we
then got the trims installed using a combination
of screws and glue, with glue being the preference where possible for
a cleaner final result. After that, we then
puttied up over each of the screw holes
on the skirting and trim using wood filler, and when this  dried, we
then sanded it back. And.. when all was said
and done, that was the majority of the
installation complete. After a monumental effort,
Keith’s work was finished but.. but given that we had
gotten our grubby hands all over the panels when installing
them back onto the storage units, it quickly became evident that I’d
need to do another coat of paint. Issue was, I didn’t have all that much paint left… but I didn’t want to have to go and
buy a whole nutha can of paint as well, so I thought I’d instead
be a little more strategic. So, instead of just
painting everything again, I actually decided to just paint the
trim and skirting to cover the wood putty we’d added, then I added a dab of paint over
each of the nails in the grooves, and then I rolled every last bit of
paint I could squeeze out of the can over all of the hand marks I could
see on the panels themselves. As I was going, I thought surely I’ll end up needing to buy
another can of paint, but luckily, when the paint dried, it
looked schmick as hell and I didn’t need anymore paint! And with that done,
the wall was complete. After that, as mentioned in
my YouTube Studio Tour video, I then installed this industrial style
bookcase from Temple and Webster, link below if you’re interested
in getting one yourself. then I dressed that up with
some props and vintage goods then I brought in a fiddle
tree, I got the lighting installed and finally my new
A-Roll set was complete. And so, that’s the story of how we
created a temporary walk-in storage bay that didn’t look like an absolute eye sore. And the best part is that once you
account for the cost of each storage unit, then the cost of the panels,
the extra bits of timber and paint the entire project was
completed for a budget of under $1000 dollars, which for me, seems pretty
fantastic bang for buck. If you working on
your own renovations, hopefully this video, will inspire you to
think outside of the box. And consider if there’s any
cheaper solutions to what might otherwise seem
like expensive problems, like what we did with this temporary wall. Aside from that, that’s it! If you haven’t yet checked out all
of the previous renovation episodes, I’ll leave a link to the full playlist, up in the cards and down in
the description below. Hopefully you enjoyed the video,
thank you all very much for watching and I will catch you later! 