- In today's video we're
going to be retesting the 10400 and testing that
with 2666 megahertz speeds at both CL16 and then a little custom tune on that CL16 to drop it down to as far as it can go to see how much extra FPS we can get. Because apparently with the
H4-10 and B4-60 motherboards this is going to be the
speed limit on your memory in terms of what you can
get it to with the i5 10400. And so in a recent video
that Gamers Nexus did, he capped the speeds on the memory and he showed a significant drop in FPS and that caused him to
not recommend the CPU. And then subsequently from there people pretty much came into my
comment section saying that my video was completely wrong my recommendation is bad,
I should redo the video and here we are today
redoing the test for you guys so let's just get straight into it. Basically we tested with a 2080 Ti, which again is a little bit overdone for these six core 12 thread
CPUs especially at 1080p but we are painting
the worst case scenario with these results. And what we can see in Ghost Recon is dropping it down to 2666 megahertz, both SEL 16 from the XMP
profiles and then a custom tune was that the FPS was still absolutely fine and in fact I saw a higher minimum here out of all the testing
I've done on this game with sort of like a weird thing that happened on the 2666
custom tune there CL14. And then moving over to
shadow of the Tomb Raider we did extract some more FPS
with that custom tune again. Moving over to Fortnite we saw actually the exact same average FPS here. So the 2666 megahertz was
the limiting factor itself in this particular title. Move over to Resident Evil 3 we saw some pretty good FPS out of this game. And the move over to GTA
5 we gained a few FPS on this custom tune and then Warzone was pretty much in line with
all the rest of the CPUs and their memory speeds here. So basically there's the
gaming numbers for you and you may notice okay you Ryzen 5 3600 isn't performing as well as
some other people are showing and that's because we tested
with 3200 megahertz CL16. Now the difference between CL16 and CL14, this is actually an important
thing to pull up and mention is that one set of memory
uses Samsung B-Die memory and that's actually quite
a bit more expensive at least when I check in the
local retailer prices here, you can pay an extra 80 Aussie dollars over the CL16 3200 megahertz stuff. And so in America that
would be around 50 USD and that's a big chunk
if you're on a budget just trying to get a budget motherboard and a six core Ryzen 5
3600 or 10400 or a 10400 F. And so when I speak to the retailer's and I ask him about this stuff here, they tell me that this is
the most commonly sold memory and that is 3000 megahertz XMP CL 16 and 3200 megahertz CL16. It out sells the 3200 megahertz
CL14 and 3600 megahertz CL16 by quite a big margin. And so when I talk to the retailers and I get this data in,
at least in Australia, I then base my testing on
the most commonly used memory with a commonly used
set up for budget users. So basically coming out of this video my recommendation still stands the same, though I do apologize for missing out the 2666 test in the original video. But basically if you're in the market for a six core twelve threaded CPU, you cannot go wrong buying the 10400 or the upcoming 10400
F or the Ryzen 5 3600. There amazing value for money CPUs, they've got included coolers
that do the job out of the box. Now of course you can
overclock the Ryzen 5 3600 but in my test I wouldn't
really bother doing that with the included array of stuff. I'd go out and get a better custom cooler which would keep the temperatures down and allow for better overclocks. So then we're adding in another element into the comparison if you
want to put that in there. Also in terms of the 10 400 F that should come in
roughly 20 dollars cheaper making it around 160 USD, which will make a good value
for money for pure gamers. Of course if you want
to utilize that IGPU, it's not actually completely useless. if you're into streaming for example and you want to take a
bit of a load off your GPU if you're using that encoder, you can actually use
the Quick Sync encoder probably getting around 5% FPS because your GPU is now a
little bit more freed up. And coming out of this when
it comes to tech reviewers and getting recommendations, go and watch a heap of
different reviews on the product before you make your decision and see which recommendation
best matches your wallet. And that's my advice and in terms of my opinion differing from other reviewers especially Gamers Nexus,
that's his opinion he's more than entitled to that just like I'm entitled to my opinion. And I know in the past this has differed this is not the first
time this has happened and in the past with the 3500 X, my opinion on that was at least with the Ali express 110
dollars shipping price, that was amazing value
for money, I thought. It was the best value for
money gaming CPU to get and then they closed it off but other tech reviewers
thought it was real mediocre. They didn't really think
of it as a good CPU to go out and buy over the
other options available but basically when the 10 400 F is out and also H 410 and B 460
motherboards are out, I'll retest the results again
apparently there's rumors that you'll get a maximum
speed of 2933 megahertz, which would close the numbers ever so more and make that gap a little bit less. But for what it's worth
again both good CPUs you can't go wrong with either and if that recommendation
is not good enough for you then I don't know what to say. But I do know what to say
to this question of the day here which comes from TikTok videos and they asked basically
can you build us this PC, I'll pay you 300 US and
you can ship it to me. And the answer to that
is when I do builds here on the Gold Coast locally where I'm at, I don't ship them generally at all, unless it's for like a friend of a friend who's living in Australia. In terms of international shipping a PC from Australia to overseas,
it's just way too expensive. I wouldn't even look at the price, you're looking at around probably a 150 US dollars shipping
alone for the PC. Maybe even more and then there's the risk if something gets damaged in shipping, which I've had in the past, back in 2016 where I shipped a PC from Japan
to someone in New Zealand, and that was a giveaway
PC and that got wrecked. So I generally don't ship
especially internationally, so hope that answers that question. If you guys enjoyed today's video then be sure to hit
that like button for us and also let us know in
the comments section below what you think of the whole
10400 10400 F Ryzen 5 3600, Love reading your thoughts
and opinions as always and I do want to thank you guys for also not being nasty in the comments. I mean I did delete a
few like nasty comments and I guess I don't want any of that coming around my channel. At the end of the day I just,
I'm a guy who does testing and from time to time
I might make mistakes, I might be wrong but I never will
intentionally mislead people that's something I don't do. Though enough rambling from me, I've got a lot to do
before the end of the month as well as the used PC parts on, so if you want to see these
videos the moment they drop and your not yet subbed you
can hit that sub button, ring that bell get the content as soon as it's here at Tech Yes City. And I'll catch you in the
next tech video very soon. Peace out for now, bye. (upbeat music) 