- I woke up this morning and I went down to my local retailer for PC parts computer Alliance, aka computer Alley-ance, and they have the i5-10400. And they had up to 330 aussie dollars, which is pretty much coming
right around the same price as its contender to from AMD, the Ryzen 5 3600. Now, these CPUs will come
around the same price there also will be the i5 10400f, which will be even better
value than this right here. But coming into this lineup, I knew that the i5 10400
is gonna be pretty much Intel's 10th Gen value
champion, six cores, 12 threads, it pretty much puts it
in a similar ballpark as an i7 9700f, for example, or even an i7 8700k from
the previous generation in terms of its core and thread counts. Now speaking of clock speeds, it doesn't clock that high. What I measured here was four gigahertz all core clocks in both
productivity benchmarks and gaming benchmarks and then
for the single core boost, I was getting up to 4.1 gigahertz. But let's pull up the first
gaming benchmark here, Call of Duty Warzone where we saw pretty much similar results between these two, six
core 12 threaded CPUs. And then of course, we
got the 10900k in there, just to show you what the
maximum performance is with an RTx2080 Ti, which this is the GPU that
we did all the tests on in today's comparison. Though, before we run onto
some more gaming benchmarks, a quick word from today's video sponsor. If you are sick and
tired of making passwords only to forget them a few weeks later. Then today's sponsored Dashlane is for you with the ability to store passwords on all different types of devices, laptops, smartphones,
desktops and Mac books. This will mean that you
can jump onto a new PC, put your master password
in and then from there, you can autofill all
different types of username and passwords. Now hold on a second you're probably thinking
is Dashlane even safe? Dashlane stores all your
passwords and usernames and encrypts them. So if there ever was a breach of privacy, then your passwords are
still not going anywhere. And of course, I've
saved the best till last. And that is you can use
Dashlane completely free on your first device if you use the link in the description below. And if you decide you wanna upgrade to a more premium option,
then you can get 50% off using the link and the coupon code in the description below. So I'll put them down for you. Let's get back to the video. Now moving along with Grand Theft Auto V, we could see that this CPU is coming again neck and neck, with the Ryzen 5 3600 scoring pretty much similar average FPS 1% and point 1% lows. But another thing is two, I couple this with 3200
megahertz cL 16 memory, I feel like this memory
is going to be pretty much the value choice for DDR 4 RAM, if you're going out and buying one of these six core 12 thread and CPUs. So the results here
would be better of course if we had 3600 megahertz RAM, but we're just using the
value choice in my opinion. Though, moving on with
Shadow of the Tomb Raider, we saw the first victory
here for the 10400 coming out by roughly 10%
over that of the Ryzen 5 3600. Though moving on now to Resident Evil 3, this is a new game of throwing
in the benchmarks here, we saw pretty much the same
FPS even across all three CPUs. So of course, the better
optimized the game, the less of a difference that will be even on a 2080 Ti. The next game we're pulling up here is Ghost Recon 10 ADP high
settings on the Vulkan API. And this one was a little bit surprising because the 10400 came in
with a sizable increase over the Ryzen 5 3600 in the 10900k came in yet again with higher FPS than that of the two six cores. So perhaps it's not really
a well optimized game. But then we did see the worst frame coming in at exactly the same score, which means that this was
GPU bound to 60 FPS minimum at one section of the game. Moving on to the last
gaming benchmark in the mix is fortnite 10 EDP competitive settings. We could see here that
all three of these CPUs were going well above 240 average FPS. In a Battle Royale mode, though the 10400 did score
quite a sizable victory here of roughly I think like 17 or 18%. And that showed in both the
1% and point 1% lows as well, and the 10900k also coming
out ahead of this six core and this was also tested
with 3200 MegaSeal 16 Ram. So for gaming benchmarks, the 10400 does edge out the horizon 5 3600 and the 10400f will be pretty
much the exact same as this minus the iGPU. Though, what about the
productivity benchmarks? Let's move on to those before
we move on to a conclusion 'cause this is an important
picture to paint here. Where we're pulling up Cinebench R20. Well we're now seeing the Ryzen 5 3600 edging out the 10400
both on the single thread and the multi threaded scores and this trend continued
on with Geek Bench, both on the single core scores and the multi threaded scores. And then we move over
the last benchmark here, Adobe Premiere Pro. And you can pretty much
see the exact same thing, but also the Ryzen 5
3600 beat out the 10600k in this particular benchmark. So now that we've looked at those numbers, there is one more important number that I'm gonna throw up here, which actually surprised me the most, 'cause I didn't expect this. And this was the power
consumption numbers. And so what I did here was I threw up the cinebench R20. While we're running those numbers, we saw the Ryzen 5 3600 going
to around 3.975 gigahertz and then while we're gaming
it goes up to around 4.05 to 4.1 gigahertz. Though the power consumption during both the cinebench
results and the gaming results were higher than that of the 10400. And the temperatures also go
higher on the race stealth. Now the race stealth is a
better cooler in my opinion. It didn't get noisy at all
during any of these tests, as opposed to the 10,
four hundreds cooler, which did get noisy in the
productivity benchmark. So let you guys take a quick listen. (Intel Stock Cooler Max noise) But the i5 cooler ways
in just under 170 grams was opposed to the race stealth
that weighs over 310 grams. Made almost double the weight. So I would like to see Intel
improve this stock coolers, especially on a six core 12 thread, which would in turn bring down the noise. But that aside, the temperatures were good on
the stock cooler 77 degrees versus 95 on the Ryzen 5 3600. So perhaps the race stealth out of the box could use some faster fan speeds. The biggest one to me
was the power consumption during gaming. Now we tested this during Ghost Recon but it was a similar trend across all the different
games that are testing here where we're getting 44
watts versus 55 watts. And now if you're gaming
all day, every day and that's all you do, you're going to basically (mumble) you getting a
few more FPS on the 10400. And you're also gonna be
saving a little bit more power, which is kind of weird because you think with a 14 nanometer CPU versus a seven nanometer CPU, that wouldn't be the case at all. But that's what I'm
seeing here in my studio. And they're the numbers that
I'm gonna report to you guys, which helps me make my conclusion
that much more clean cut. And that is if you are just gaming, and even if you wanna do
a little bit of streaming, just drop it on the GPU encoder, then the 10400 is going
to be an excellent choice in terms of value for money, coupled with some of
these H410 Motherboards, which will be released. Use the stock cooler or even just go grab a $20
AlieExpress snowman cooler and you will have happy days. Though, on the other side of the fence. If you wanna do a bit of video editing, or doing more things that
involve using all those threads all the time, then the Ryzen 5 3600 is going to be a better choice for that. So it's really just a
nitpicking thing though both these CPUs are going
to be absolutely fine, especially if you're coupling it with a mid range (mumble). Keep in mind, we did test
it with a 2080 Ti at 1080p because you guys in the
comments in yesterday's video was saying you were
using 2080 Ti's at 1080p. So-- The last thing I will say
before I get on out of here is that the i5 is definitely back, Intel have done that and they're making this thing competitive, which at the end of the day, you guys the consumers will win out and you'll probably see price
drops on the Ryzen 5 3600 where the 10400f will come
in at roughly 160 USD. So this is gonna be great
happy days for gamers. But we still have to wait and see what this year brings in
terms of GPU improvements. But then you've got the
10400 normal version, which includes the IGPU which some people can utilize
with quick sync functions, whether it's using it as a backup encoder, or encoding video files in Premiere Pro or something like that. This has that option if you need it. So it is worth it if you can utilize it. So there it is with the i5 10400. I can definitely recommend this CPU, just like I can recommend the Ryzen 5 3600 and if you guys enjoyed this video, then be sure to hit
that like button for us and let us know in the
comment section below what you think of these
six core 12 thread CPUs. Do you think competitions heating up? I certainly do. And we've got the question of the day which comes from Gabotax Wilfried and they ask Xeon 1680v2 at 4.5 gigahertz with RTx2080 Ti works fine. And the answer that is a definite yes, that's eight cores 16 threads and it still has really
good IPC to this date. If you get some really good DDR3 memory and quad channel, that thing is going to
run absolutely fine. But do keep in mind older
generation Intel CPUs, I personally disable the
Specter and Meltdown updates. I found it makes a big
improvement for gaming numbers, especially if you're
a single desktop user. Anyhow, if you stay this far and you're enjoying that content, then you know what to do,
sub buttons down there. Ring it if you wanna see the moment this content drops in your sub box and I will catch it in
another Tech video very soon. Peace out for now. Bye. (upbeat music) 