- I'm a Fortnite gamer, are you a Fortnite gamer? Input Latency and a game called Fortnite. I've always wanted to
test out the two to see, what's the best settings
that you can put in on your software in order to get the fastest
frame drawn to your screen. Now the advantages to this, obviously if you're a competitive player and even if you're playing for money, is that you'll want those
frames coming up on your monitor as fast as possible. This in turn means that if
you've got this advantage, you can see the enemy
faster than they can see you or other things considered. However, today we're running these tests with a 1000 FPS camera, and we're shooting it on an Oris 25 inch, 240 Hertz monitor. So we're trying to eliminate
as much variance as possible to give you guys accurate
numbers going forward. That being said, this video also functions as a precursor to an upcoming video, where I'll be testing Intel versus AMD on the hardware side of things, and also Nvidia versus AMD GPU use. Another thing I'll be testing too, is the Ultra-Low Latency mode that Nvidia have introduced in the last few months in their drivers, as well as their max FPS setting where you can set a frame cap. And some people have said, that if you've got a
G-Sync enabled monitor, setting in a manual frame
cap below your monitors max refresh rate can
also drop input Latency, if you are using a
technology such as G-Sync. So today we'll be testing
that with 240 Hertz, then we'll go down to
235, 230 and then 220 on this 240 Hertz monitor to see if it indeed does
drop that input Latency. And then the last test I'm curious about is DX11 versus DX12, does the API make a difference? Let's find out. - [Narrator] If you're looking to get the most out of your audio then for 120 bucks the
creative Sound Blaster X3 has you covered with 600
arm headphones support, 7.1 discreet out for your speakers, Or if you're in a PC gaming, get an edge with audio processing
such as the Scout Mode, which lets you hear footsteps easier. Links the description
below to find out more. - So first things first, this is our contraption here, which is made from a mouse which we pulled out and then we rewired it with a click here, that when we click this, it'll actuate a light which will tell us that the left click has been enabled on this mouse. So when we're playing a game like Fortnite and we left click, it will then fire whatever we're using at that point in time. And so this is able to tell us the moment we have a identified. And so after that, since we're shooting with 1000 FPS camera, we can then relate one
FPS to one millisecond. And so the time it takes
that from this light going on for the frame, then coming out on the screen, we're able to tell the delay. And the more we test this
with different settings, we obviously want the
lowest delay possible, which will then equal the
best competitive settings. So without further do, let's run these tests and get back with a few
numbers for you guys. But also, another thing
that makes this comparison really good with this monitor is that it's able to display
the actual frames coming out of the monitor itself. So you can see here it's
actually a 242 Hertz monitor, not 240 Hertz, so you're getting that extra two FPS if you do turn off
everything like a FreeSync, but if you turn on FreeSync, and then your FPS goes lower than 240, this will actually tell
you what the monitor is a drawing at real time. So it's actually a really handy feature, especially when it comes to testing those are lower frame cap
settings on this monitor. (slow beat music) And we just finished DX11 versus DX12, now even though DX12 is in beta, still it showed me some
impressive results. So we'll quickly take a look at this, we've got an average
here of 24.4 milliseconds total Input lag on the DX12 setting. And then we look at DX11 that was coming in with
an average of 31.2. So basically what we did here, was 10 runs of each setting. And I've got to say
quickly interlude here, I love 240 Hertz. This is the first time I've tested on it, and it was just so good. Where the variants between the best frame and the worst
frame was six milliseconds on both DX11 and DX12. Where the fastest frame on
DX11 was 28 milliseconds, and then the slowest
frame was 34 milliseconds. And then on DX12 the fastest
frame is 22 milliseconds and the slowest frame was 28 milliseconds. So straight up what these numbers tell us. When I created my own server and the ping was saying
it was roughly zero, this game can be a very responsive game if you've got the right settings. So going forward I would say, leave it on DX12, if you're not getting
any major stuttering. So we have a 9,900K here and an RTX 2060. And the settings are on low with the view distance
set to Epic at 1080p 'cause I believe this
is what all the pros use and for what it's worth, the experience here is absolutely smooth. So if you can run DX12
and it runs smoothly, then I do recommend doing that straight up because that's gonna save you around six to seven
milliseconds in response times. Now one more thing going forward too is that we are testing with the pistol and this is great for correlating the data for a single shot to a single mouse click. And so this is going to
be the best case scenario for giving you guys accurate numbers. Also one thing I will say moving too is technically even though on DX12 the best frame that we
got was 22 milliseconds, the real input delay is technically five milliseconds faster. As you can see with the crosshair that's actually opening up before the bang appears on the screen, but we're going to be using
the bang on the screen because that's much more consistent. So going forward, DX12 is our winner, but what about these other settings in the Nvidia Control Panel, like Ultra-Low Latency mode, let's test this with off, which is already what
we've tested versus on, then versus Ultra. (slow beat music) So testing out that elusive setting in the program settings in
the Nvidia Control Panel with the Ultra-Low Latency mode with off versus on versus ultra. We can see here that
there's really no difference on the setup that we're
using in today's video, and that is the onsetting actually scored the best one time frame. This is kind of like an anomaly here where we've got 20 milliseconds. However, on this anomaly frame, I did notice a tearing right
in the middle of the screen where the bang appears. And so this isn't really
that desirable in itself. When we moved over to the Ultra setting that scored
24 milliseconds on average versus 23.6, versus 24.4. So basically having this
setting on versus Ultra, if you're going to have
DX12 set with no Sync on, is not really gonna do anything for you. Basically the variance is too low for me to confidently say
one is better than the other. Though that being said, let's now move on to G-Sync technologies which eliminate the frame
tearing all together. Though do they come at a input delay? And if so, can we make that input delay any better? Let's find out. (slow beat music) And now after testing out capping frames and turning on G-Sync, we've got some of the weirdest results that I would have never have expected. And we're going to get off with setting the cap to 221 first. Basically, we saw here an
average of 24.3 milliseconds with the worst case being 22 versus 27. The same followed true for 230 cap, where it was pretty similar results averaging out at 24.2, and then looking at 235, so pretty much similar
results as the 230 and 220. But this is where things get really weird, when we put the in-game cap to 240 because when we initially set it to 240 in the Nvidia Control Panel, it gave us similar results to the two 35 and the other numbers, but it was breaking the
VSync or the G-Sync. But after we put in the
240 cap in the game, we got even lower numbers. Then when we got DX12 initially with all the sinking turned of. So this was to the tune of an
average of 15.5 milliseconds where the worst case
scenario was 18 milliseconds, and the best case scenario was 13. So basically up until
this point in this video, we've got the best Latency numbers for competitive play by turning
freezing on in our monitor and then enabling G-Sync
in the Nvidia Control Panel and then setting a 240 framerate cap within Fortnight itself. Another thing too about Fortnight's framerate cap versus the Nvidia Control Panel is that the Nvidia Control Panel does seem to overshoot the frames in this particular title as
opposed to the in-game cap, that hard locks it at 240 and you won't see it jump above that. There without a side. It's now time to run back
with this 240 a framerate cap and turn on the Ultra-Low mode finally, and then also turn off
FreeSync and a G-Sync and see if those two can edge
this input lag down any lower. But let's get the testing done so we can finally conclude the best settings for Fortnite gamers (upbeat music) And here we are now coming
back with the finale and the finishing results here, taking off FreeSync and then putting the in-game cap, didn't really do a whole lot for us. It did shave us down a couple
of milliseconds compared to the original comparison, where we got 23.6 but it was
still a matter of variants where we got 22.8 with the best frame being 19
versus the worst being 25. But when we put on Ultra-Low
mode for the 240 cap with FreeSync on, we then got an average
of 15.9 milliseconds with the best frame being 14,
and the worst case being 19. There pretty much the same
result as we had before, so this Ultra-Low mode
or even the on mode, it doesn't make a difference if you are already getting
really high FPS draw at least in Fortnite. It may work in some other titles, especially if the settings
are not optimized for PC. But in terms of Fortnite, you don't have to worry
about this Ultra-Low setting and whether it's going to affect your input Latency. But for summarizing
these numbers here today and wrapping up for you. If you're a competitive
gamer playing Fortnite. Then the best settings I found here today was turning on DX12, and also using the in-game framerate cap as well as having FreeSync
turned on in the monitor and then having G-Sync turned on in the Nvidia Control Panel. All other things equal, this gave us the best numbers here today. What we averaged out a
little over 15 milliseconds versus our initial result, which was in the 30's. So if you're a competitive gamer, shaving off 16 milliseconds of input lag, can make a difference believe it or not. And that's one thing I've
always been passionate about here at Techs YES City is competitive gaming and getting the best settings or hardware to get those frames. Because Nvidia has been saying this thing about frames wins games, but when it comes to Fortnite
and competitive play, I dare say frames and
proper settings wins funds, especially if you can
win those tournaments. So hopefully this video has helped you out and it's given you some insight on what's the best settings to use. If you've enjoyed it then be sure to hit
that like button for us. But in terms of that especially, we'll go back to that G-Sync
in that framerate cap. I will state one thing and that is, the first frame of both testing the framerate cap at 240
in the Nvidia Control Panel and testing the 240 frame
rate in the game itself. The first frame did have a tear in it on both examples, then after that there was no tearing, so that was a weird thing I did notice, but of course it did so, while it's giving us
the best input Latency. And another thing worth mentioning is the thing that I've heard
about dropping the framerate just below your monitors max refresh rate. That could ring especially
true for other titles, because what we saw there
with that Nvidia Control Panel was the overshoot of the framerates. We saw that in the game
with Fortnite FPS counter, but I guess Fortnite has implemented a really good framerate
cap that works really well. When we look at another game, just for instance, throw it
out of the top of my head, maybe crossing the street for example, it could work a lot better in that title or see us go where their framerate caps in-games may not work as well as the Nvidia Control Panel or vice versa. So there is that thing no one is overshoot and that could affect your ability to get a good experience out of G-Sync. So in terms of getting
the lowest input lag and smoothest experience with G-Sync, it's still up in the air. I'd have to test more games out before I could confidently say what you should be doing
with that particular setting. But in terms of Fortnite itself, we've got the settings that is going to get you the lowest input
lag here in today's video. So that aside, let us know in the comment section below, if you enjoyed this one and remember stay sobbed
and ring that bell because this month I will be getting that input Latency testing done with Intel versus AMD versus
some old school Zealand's too, and we'll find out what's the best hardware to be using if you're a competitive gamer. And now we've got the question of the day which comes from a user called ShampooTime and they asked what did you study at uni? I studied business and I majored
in finance and marketing. And the ironic thing is I'm doing nothing in terms of my career in relation to those two things. And I've spoke to a lot
of other people out there who go to university, study something and then they
end up picking a profession, that's not even one bit related
to what they studied at uni. The one thing I will
say about my uni degree was at the time, it enabled me to get a long, extended working visa in Japan, as opposed to if I didn't
have that university degree, then I couldn't have got that a visa. So it enabled me to live in Japan and work and have a lot of fun there, which I did in my early '20s. Anyway, I've rambled on enough, my fellow Tech Yes Citizens, and also Fortnite gamers. I will catch you in another
tech video very soon. Peace out for now, bye (upbeat music) 