Is the price of your soul 1499 USD. Of course, that is what the price of
this RTX 30 90 will cost you. And if you're down under two and
a half thousand Aussie dollars, that's factoring in the stock
problems are alleviated, which I'm told that will be
towards the end of October though, that aside we're going to be
comparing this absolute behemoth, which is called the BF GPU, which weighs in at over 2.1
kilograms as a triple slot cooler and is longer and
thicker than this right here, the RTX 30 80. Now this is coming in at 699
USD. And when I reviewed it, I thought it added price point, given, if you can get one of these or when
you can get one of these for the MSRP, it was a really good car, not
just in its absolute performance, but in its value for
money proposition two, this right here is going to have one of
those two traits that is it's going to have the absolute performance, but the value for money is seriously
going to be lacking compared to the [inaudible]. But of course, that doesn't mean the RTX
30 90 is without its merits. Let's pull up some of the key
differences here between these two cards. The first being the acoustical count, it has over 20% more critical is bringing
it into the realm of 10,000 versus that of the RTX 30 80. Then
we move over to the V Ram. This is easily the biggest difference
here. We've got 24 gigabytes of GDS, six X memory clocked at a
highest speed of 9,750 megahertz, which is then doubled to give
you the 19.5 gigabits per second, versus the 19 gigabits per second, 10 gigabytes of GDR six on the 30, 80 now straightaway running those
4k gaming benchmarks for you. This translates into around a
15% performance boost on average, at least that's what I'm saying. When I tested out shadow of the tomb
Raider call of duty, modern warfare, Tom Clancy's the division two
mech warrior five out of worlds, fortnight horizon zero Dawn,
and also Duma terminal. Now pulling up the average FPS across
these eight games and the cost per frame analysis will show that, yes, you're getting more absolute
performance versus a 30 80, but you are indeed paying for it though
in video told me this thing can do eight K gaming. And so I decided to run two separate
games here just to really highlight the overall picture of AK gaming.
And that is at the RTX 30, 80, and also the 20 ADTI. They struggled when it came to the gaming
benchmark numbers though, even then, you're going to want to get a 3000
card just because of the HTML 2.1, those surprisingly looking the 30, 90,
depending on the game, for instance, in Fortnite, we got a playable experience
at eight K versus say, shadow of the tomb Raider, where
we got an undesirable 30 FPS. And so this was at high settings as well. So I did turn down the
settings a little bit, but basically in a nutshell with
eight K gaming, depending on the game, you will actually be able to get
a playable 60 FPS experience. Those seriously do factor in
the price of an eight K TV. Before you wish to go down this
path. Also a quick disclaimer, AK is actually quadruple the amount
of pixels of 4k. So in other words, you need four times the
horsepower on your gravis, God, to run eight K versus 4k, where it's
not just a doubling of four to eight, they're switching things
to 10 80, pay his way. A different kind of picture
is going to get painted out, especially if you're in the market for
a three 60 Hertz monitor and you want to smash those settings on ultra. Well, the news here is that the 30 90
is pretty much the same as the 30 80 in that we are pretty
much CPU bottlenecked at 10 80 pace. So if you want to get
a 70 90 and play 10 80 P games, you're basically just
purely wasting your money. And the value for money proposition
shot at 10 ADP is going to reflect this heavily though. What about 1440 P gamers? You're going to be somewhere
in the middle of 10 80, pay in full K ultimately
way, depending on the title. You can extract some differences, but overall for 1440 P gamers is going
to be a similar recommendation to that of 10 80 P I'd
ultimately go with the 30, 80 over the 30 90 at both
these resolutions. However, in relation to gaming, the last thing to go over is
the right tracing performance, as well as that coupled with DLSS.
And I tested two different games here, both fortnight and Mac warrior five
scoring pretty much the same differential as 30, 80, as we saw in those four
K gaming benchmark numbers though, gaming numbers aside. The last thing we're going to go through
here is the productivity numbers where both the 30, 80 and the 30, 90 KM, depending on the benchmark in a different
league to that of the predecessor, the RTX 20 ATI running a quick
V-Ray score reflects this as well as an octane render,
which includes RTX. And we see here that these cards are
flying in the case of the 30, 90, pretty much doubled out
of the 20 ADTI. Then 30, 80 is coming in the same
league as the 30 90, but you are getting that extra
productivity out of your 30 90. So if you are pretty much time strapped
and the money differential between these two cards, isn't a factor. And you're going to utilize that extra
value that the 30 90 will create in a productivity workspace. Then it can
be a justified purchase for you, especially if we look at what you can
do with AK rendering and video editing, if that suits you and you do
need that extra frame buffer, then this Cod will deliver. The
one other thing for me personally, is the RTX studio drivers.
When I'm working in print, we have pro all the RTX cards have that. And I do utilize that cards
will be no different. However, there is one benefit that I did
miss out in my RTX 30, 80 review. And that is you do get a V one
Dakota's built on these new RTX 3000 cards. And basically [inaudible] one
is a new open source MP4 container that essentially gives much better efficiency
compared to that of H two six, four, and even H two six five. And of course,
HD six, five carries a lot of royalties. So I do see this coming
much more mainstream in the
future to the point where YouTube is already using
the AVS zero one codec, and the fact that this
can decode it is nice, but I would like to see an AAV one and
encoder built on the cards as well. So there's all those numbers aside RTX 30, 90 absolute performance
differential. It holds that, but it comes at a very hefty price tag. And it's pretty much one of
those exotic car arguments. Do most of us want to go out
and get an exotic car? Yes. Can most of us afford an exotic car? No, there are critiquing in video for having
an exotic car in the land of PC gaming is not something that I'm going
to do so much in the price point, but I will take the car in that I
would like to see an additional HTMI 2.1 connector at the back. We've got
three display ports and one, yeah, HD my 2.1. I feel that the new RTX 3000 cards having
those extra agency in my 2.1 port is going to be very beneficial. However,
the cooling performance itself, this is actually quite a lot
better than the RTX, 30, 80, where you've got bigger fans and you've
got two of those and they actually spend a bit quieter than the smaller
fans on the RTX, 30, 80, as well as giving better attempts to the
point where if you want to overclock on the 30 90, you can definitely do it and
still keep the temperatures quite low. And I was actually kind of happy
with 80% fan speeds personally, but out of the box, I feel like
they've nailed it. Fan curve profile, where it's very quiet and the
temps still remain low though. Speaking of power consumption, this
is where the 30, 90 and the 30, 80, at least from my recent tests that
I've done here, benefit tremendously. And I mean, tremendously under vaulting the cards
and the sweet spot is around 800 millivolt at eight 1800 megahertz. This seems to be where both these Cod's
really dropped their power consumption a lot, but you don't lose a whole lot
of performance. In fact, the RTX 30, 90 are only lost one FPS, but the power consumption
dropped around 90 Watts. And this is a huge difference to the
point where anyone who wants to keep their graphics cards for quite a long time
will appreciate having a lot less hate dumped inside the case, as well as just juicing a lot less
power in general and saving money on the power bill there. The final thing to go over with the
30 90 is that it just like the 30, 80 founders requires a 12 pin power
connector, which is included in the box, at least the adapter, which then splits
off two to eight pink connectors. And also in the case of the RTX 30
90, just this model in particular, you get the option to take out
this little bracket on the side, which does reveal an SLI bridge for
connecting two of these cons together, which look we're not even going to
go there and sweeping over all those numbers. It's time for a recommendation
with the RTX 30 90, and you guys have seen it
with the numbers. The RTX 30, 80 is going to be for pretty much
99% of people who want even high end performance because the value
is also there too. I mean, considering when they get back into
stock and the gods come around MSRP, the OTX 30, 80 coming into
this launch was my best pick. And coming out of today's review,
it's still my favorite pick. And I feel even going into
the RTX 30, 70 launch, this is still going to be the Cod to
get because of what it offers for four K gaming. And personally, I've tried 4k
gaming on this thing and also on this. And I absolutely love it. You got
that one 20 Hertz HDR, 10 bit look, and it's absolutely phenomenal. And I'm not going to sit here and beat
around the Bush and try and downplay it because it's just that gorgeous.
But this is where the RTX 30, 90 is going to differentiate
a bit. It is a massive Cod, not just in the actual physical
state of the card itself, but also in the numbers. It's for those people that
seriously don't care about money. They want the best performance and they
don't care about how much extra they've got to pay to get it. And ultimately that's what
this offering is from Nvidia. It's that exotic sports car option
that a lot of us even don't have the desire to get, but it's still there for people who
have that cash and want to get the best experience possible. Cause that's
what this is going to provide, but I will disclaimer that it's
really only at four K and even 1440 P you're still gonna have to have some
of the best gear in relation to not just the GPU, but also the CPU,
the memory power supply, the list goes on. Everything
in your system will have
to be good to accommodate, not just the 30, 90, even the 30 80. So there's basically one of those graphics
cards that you don't want to go out and generally buy and then skimp
on everything else in the system. There's the last question that remains, and this is one that I've asked myself
as well. And that is why didn't Nvidia. Just simply call this a
Titan gaming gravis. God, it's certainly in the
price range of the Titan. It's definitely got the V Ram over that
of the gaming line where you've got 24 gigabytes versus 10 gigabytes. This
time around what Nvidia does is say, it's a Titan and call it a day. And the first difference is that the
Titans traditionally offered a double precision point calculations
as opposed to the RTX 30 90, which actually doesn't offer that. The
second thing is of course, as a company, they're probably gonna want to, uh, market it towards gamers because in 2020, there's more PC gamers than there ever
has been historically. So as a company, it's smart for them to market
this thing towards gamers, as opposed to the Titan, which sat a lot more
towards the calculations and
server farm side of things. Then this card I feel will
anyhow with all that aside. I hope you guys enjoyed today's
review of the RTX 30 90, basically the 38 is going to be the
one to get for most people though, if you find yourself with a lot more
money than you need in your wallet, then this one is certainly going
to deliver that extra performance. And that's pretty much all there is to it. I'll see you guys in another tech
video very soon, peace out for now, but. 