(upbeat keyboard music) - [Narrator] This PC right
here is a first for me, where I sold it over 18 months ago and the person essentially
wants more performance. And so they wanted to trade it in for a higher end system I was selling. And I said "Sure thing." And when they brought
it in, they said they were extremely happy with the system but, they just want more
power. So today I'm going to be critiquing myself on my own build that I did over 18 months
ago and also see what has changed in this time
frame between selling a PC right now and
selling one 18 months ago. And we can already see
here that the fan has had bit of usage, it's pretty dirty. So first things first, we're gonna clean this system out and then
check out the temperatures. If you are sick and tired
of making passwords, only to forget them a few weeks later, then today's sponsor
DashLane is for you. With the ability to store passwords
on all different types of devices, laptops, smart
phones, desktops and Macbooks. This will mean that you can jump onto a new PC, put your master password in and then from there you can
auto-fill all different types of user name and passwords.
Now hold on a second, you're probably thinking
"Is DashLane even safe?" DashLane stores all your
passwords and user names and encrypts them so if there ever was a breach in privacy, then your passwords are still not going anywhere. And of course I've saved
the best 'til last. And that is, you can use
DashLane completely free on your first device
if you use the link in the description below and if you decide you wanna upgrade to
a more premium option, then you can get 50
percent off using the link and the coupon code in
the description below. So I'll put them down
for you, let's get back to the video. (upbeat electronic music) So the first thing we're
doing here is cleaning out all the fan points with
the DataVac and cleaning it quite heavily and
the reason for that is, is that's where all the dust
build up is mainly going to be. Now since this hasn't been
cleaned out in over 18 months, we can see that some of the
things like the fans here have dust just ingrained into
the actual plastic itself and so I do recommend if
you can, clean your PC out every say six months or
less. That way the dust is gonna come off a lot
easier as opposed to cleaning it every 18 months, like
we're doing her where the dust has sort of ingrained
itself into the pots. But now that we've done all the dusting, we can then just go with the final phase and that's a nice multi-purpose spray and clean all the ins and outs of this PC to give it that final touch. (electronic music) So we're now re-installing Windows after cleaning this thing up and making it all look fresh and like new. But one thing you'll notice here is the power supply has no
labels on it whatsoever. And so if you do come into
a power supply like this, you're probably wondering
how can you tell if it's a decent power supply 'cause I don't know exactly what
power supply this is. But since it's got thick
gauging on the wires and it's got quite a few
connectors, as we can see with the cable management
at the back of the case, we know that this is at
least a decent power supply. It's also got two
eight-pin PCIE connectors so it'll power something
like a GTX 1060 six gigabyte, which is exactly what this card is here. And an i7-3770 and 16 gigabytes
of RAM absolutely fine. Now another we're doing too
is checking for the fans and seeing if any of them
make any weird noises. And it's a good thing to see that none of these fans make any bad noises. So if you've got a fan that's making a really weird noise, you may wish to put some multi-purpose spray on it, see if that can fix it.
If not, just replace it. But another thing is too, from here on in we're gonna be testing out this thermal paste right here, the GD900. This stuff is really cheap.
You can get it for like $5 for a massive tube of this stuff and I was recommending this hard and I still do recommend it a lot here on the channel. The one thing I'm curious to see is, since we used this here 18 months ago, what are the temperatures gonna be like, say with this thermal paste 18
months later versus say a tube of freshly paste MX-4 on this CPU? Let's find out right now. (upbeat drum beat and electric guitar) So we've now finished
testing the temperatures on both the GPU and the
CPU. Now the GPU made the biggest difference where we saw that go from 80 degrees to 76 degrees and also go down with the auto fan
speeds from 67 percent to 61 percent, so changing
your GPU thermal paste will make quite a big
difference even after 18 months of usage. But also with the GPU that was the stock thermal paste, since that was a new card that I put into that build if I remember correctly. But here's the really
good news, and that is after stress testing
the re-paste of MX-4 on the CPU, we got the same
temperature, 78 degrees as the GD900 18 months later, which means that this Aliexpress Special, you're getting 30 grams of this stuff and you're getting it for $5
shipped international. That's extremely good value
for money for thermal paste. And comparing it against MX-4, I mean MX-4 I think, costs like $10
for an eight gram tube, you're getting around four
times more thermal paste for half the price. So you're
getting like eight times the value out of GD900. And
as we can see right here, it's held the test of time. Even though it's a non over-clocked CPU it's only drawing 50 watts of power. It's still dead impressive
to keep delivering these temperatures exactly the same as brand new MX-4 18 months later. Now for the final test, just
an interesting comparison, I'm gonna load up War Zone and test the 1066 gigabyte versus the GTX-970 which we featured in yesterday's
video, I'll put the link up for that up here,
and see what the FPS is on this particular game with a 1060 versus a 970. And since they're
both using the i7-3770 and 16 gigabytes of RAM, it's an apples to apples comparison. (electronic music) And now we're finished
up with all the testing on War Zone and I was
surprised in this game, because the 1060 six
gigabyte actually lost to the 970 and this was at normal settings. But the funny thing was,
on the 970, I noticed that the V-RAM utilization,
the memory usage in yesterday's video, that
was about 500 megabytes lower. So in my opinion the picture
did look slightly better on the 1060 than it did on
the 970 and we got lower FPS as a consequence, even though we set in the menu settings the
exact same settings as we did yesterday but we're
getting 92 average FPS with similar one percent,
point one percent lows versus the 97 on the GTX-970. So
like I've been saying before, if you wanna go with a new
videos graphic card and you just wanna play
games and you can control the settings, then the GTX-970
is definitely a good buy. Well we picked this up for
150 Aussie dollars, where as opposed to, at the moment,
a 1060 six gigabyte's going to cost like 250
Aussie dollars, even though they're gonna get
similar performance if you can control the
settings. And that means don't go putting the
textures and loading up the anti-aliasing 'cause
that's gonna require a whole lot more of V-RAM
than you actually have on the 970, where-in
video kinda caps that with the drivers, at least
from what I'm seeing here. Now another thing is too,
with the GD900 we were only using 50 watts on
a non over-clocked CPU, but since I'm guessing a
lot of builders out there don't over-clock their
systems when they sell them, this right here, the 30 gram
tubes, are absolutely amazing. Though do stay tuned
because I will be doing another high end comparison
with something like a 2080 Ti that puts out a monstrous amount of heat versus any other pot here. And I will be testing that again with a thermal paste round-up
conclusion, but this is probably the most
happiest thing I've seen in a while was that this
thermal paste right here, it came out of this video
just performing so well for the money. Very good value for money. I'll put the link to this
if you wanna get some in the description below but I'll also be ordering some more
myself. So, I've been using this stuff heaps and heaps
and I've still got like a third of the tube left, so
definitely lasts a long time. The last thing to talk
about here with the system is that on a GPU, even
a 1060 is not using up a whole lot of power, say
versus a 1080 Ti and this was only after 18 months
of usage, so if you've got your graphics card and you've
had it in your computer for a couple of years,
you may wish to change your thermal paste over.
Because as we saw with this stock paste out of the
box, it did degrade over those 18 months. Even though
it wasn't a huge amount, it was still four degrees
and lower noise because we were getting six percent
lower on the auto fan speeds. And now here's the final
thing about this PC. I believe I sold this for
around 1000 Aussie dollars about 18 months ago. And now
it's came back 18 months later, the scary thing is, something
like this 18 months later is still pretty much worth
the same amount of money as when I sold it all that time ago. And the last thing I've learnt
from this whole endeavor is that a gaming PC
really sells because of the gaming graphics card
as long as the CPU, in this case it's an i7 that's
fairly old, is still able to support the maximum FPS a
1060 six gigabyte can put out. So as long as the CPU
is fine, you'll still get good money and that gaming PC is still very attractive in the market. But the scary thing about that, is in those last 18 months,
we really haven't seen any advancements in
GPUs, especially in terms of value for money and in
fact in the last few months, we've seen value for money in
GPUs go the opposite way due to a really high demand,
due to a certain thing out there at the moment.
So it's kinda really weird where in the last few years we've seen this bizarre see-saw effect
between CPUs and GPUs, where a few years ago we
weren't getting any enhancements in the CPU department.
But then Rising came along and really pushed the CPU
value for money sector through the roof, but at the same
time the GPUs and their value for money just tapered off
completely. So I'd kinda like to see that see-saw
balanced a little bit back. Or of course we just rocket
ship the whole see-saw up to a new level. So do hit that like button if you like rocket ships,
but also let us know in the comment section below, have you had different experiences
to changing thermal paste and what's sort of the
most common problem you've come into when you're fixing older PCs? Love reading your thoughts
and opinions as always, just like this question of
the day here which comes from V1peR, and they asked
"What pre-built PC do you think I should buy?
E3 1270 v2 or an i5 4590?" Erm, pre-built PC. You haven't
said VR there so I would go with the 1270 v2, it's gonna give you 4 Cores eight threads
versus the i5 4590 which you're only gonna have 4
Cores four threads. In terms of the clock speeds, I
believe the 1270 v2 should be a little bit faster and
it's 4 Core clocks too, so that's gonna give you a
good advantage there. Though the i5 4590 will official VR support and the AVX2 instruction sets. But if you're just doing normal
desktop gaming you will get a smoother experience on that 1270 v2. Hope that answers that question. And if you guys stayed this
far and you're enjoying that content, you want to
see it the moment it drops, do hit that sub button, ring that bell. (electric bell ringing) That was just an email
coming in and I'll catch you in another tech video very soon. Peace out for now. Bye (electric music) 