okay just a couple minutes until
michael's on i'm kind of nervous for him this is high
heat kitchen where the only thing's hotter than the
stoves are the temperatures under our chef's collar as always each contestant will prepare a
meal in three stages... appetizer entree
and dessert. at at each stage head chef bruno will
offer his feedback chef bruno Chef Bruno! I'm a big fan. all right contestants your first task is
to imitate chef bruno's canapes. And off you go! Looks like the cat got his own tongue here. Well, I'm not worried about it. Michaels
good with unique flavors. Raw Fish? That goes well with watermelon. Time for our contestants to wrap up so
chef bruno can appraise thier canopes. and chef teddy's up first Chef Teddy is out first. Can chef michael make an impression? He can but it's a bad one. On to chef werner. This little piggywent to the market
and... he was impressed with chef Warner's creation! too bad for everyone else. Are you feeling positive about how
things are going? on to the entree it's time to turn.. Okay, this one should be right up Michael's alley. No one loves fish more than him. The first decision for Chef Michael... whether to eat or... cook the tuna cook it is. There are lots of ways this one
can go wrong. The rice can be too dry or too
sticky... the tuna can be overcooked and the
seaweed can be rolled too tightly. time's up! Let's see which of our chefs went the whole hog bad new for chef Teddy flipped that one off! Looks like the entree
round is Chef Michael's to lose at this point. and boy oh boy did he lose it. good thing he's got another 8 lives we heard that your new restaurant got
panned in the new york times this morning. that can't make you feel good. any thoughts on that? no words necessary for that reaction. and
now... for our final challenge, chef bruno would
like each contestant to dream up a totally new dessert. And begin! chef michael is... what is he doing? Time is up! it's all up to chef
bruno now whose dessert will make him squeal with delight now how will chef michael fare with his
fortune cookie? and just like he cracked the fortune
cookie chef michael has cracked the hard shell of this pig's
heart and that's a wrap on tonight's high
heat kitchen. hey what's up guys aaron here thanks for
watching the video hope you enjoyed it it was made in partnership with
animal restaurant which is a fun cute animal simulation game in the game you
can play different animals that all have their own sweet stories
including prince michael here so we're very excited about this he's gonna be
featured in this game for a limited amount of time
you can use the link below and download the game to help michael run his very
own kitchen are you playing the game right now
michael? yeah and are you sending the link to
girl cats so they can see you star on a video game? anyways you can use the link below to
download animal restaurant on the app store or google play
peace 